
0_Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] USB driver patches for 4.20-rc1
   1  [GIT PULL] Driver core patches for 4.20-rc1
   1  [GIT PULL] Char/Misc driver patches for 4.20-rc1


0_Ingo_Molnar/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/37] perf/core improvements and fixes


0_kernel-hardening/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation
   1  Re: [PATCH 13/17] prmem: linked list: disable layout randomization
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/17] prmem: test cases for memory protection


0_linux-kernel/
=============
  11  Re: The linux devs can rescind their license grant.
   3  Re: [RFC] x86, tsc: Add kcmdline args for skipping tsc calibration
   2  [PATCH] uio: Fix an Oops on load
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] sched/core: Don't mix isolcpus and housekeeping CPUs
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] libata: Apply NOLPM quirk for SAMSUNG MZ7TD256HAFV-000L9
   2  Re: Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of Conduct: Fix some wording, and add an interpretation document
   2  Re: Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of Conduct: Fix some wording,
   1  tc qdisc command partially broken with patch-4.14.76-77 up to
   1  [PATCH] sched/core: Introduce set_next_task() helper for better code readability
   1  [PATCH] regulator: bd71837: add <linux/of.h> to fix build errors
   1  [PATCH] libata: Apply NOLPM quirk for SAMSUNG MZ7TD256HAFV-000L9
   1  [PATCH] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces
   1  [PATCH] get_init_cpio: allow file mtime to be overridden
   1  [PATCH v4 2/2] perf/x86/kvm: Avoid unnecessary work in guest filtering
   1  [PATCH v4 1/2] x86/cpufeature: Add facility to match microcode revisions
   1  [PATCH v3 3/3] sched/core: Error out if cpumask has a mix of isolcpus and housekeeping CPUs
   1  [PATCH v3 2/3] sched/core: Don't mix isolcpus and housekeeping CPUs
   1  [PATCH v3 1/3] sched/core: Warn if cpumask has a mix of isolcpus and housekeeping CPUs
   1  [PATCH v3 0/3] isolcpus
   1  [PATCH v2] libata: Apply NOLPM quirk for SAMSUNG MZ7TD256HAFV-000L9
   1  [PATCH v2] gen_init_cpio: allow file mtime to be overridden
   1  Re: [REGRESSION 4.19-rc2] sometimes hangs with black screen when resuming from suspend or hibernation (was: Re: Linux 4.19-rc2)
   1  Re: [PATCH] proc: use ns_capable instead of capable for timerslack_ns
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf trace beautify: Beautify flags of mount(2) and
   1  Re: [PATCH] fs/exofs: Remove ignored __weak attribute
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] x86/microcode: Handle negative microcode revisions
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] x86/cpufeature: Add facility to match microcode
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of Conduct: Fix some wording, and add an interpretation document
   1  RE: [PATCH] uio: Fix an Oops on load
   1  RE: [PATCH] regulator: bd71837: add <linux/of.h> to fix build errors
   1  KASAN: use-after-free Read in drm_gem_object_release


1_kernel_test_robot/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] idle/x86: remove the call to boot_init_stack_canary()


ARM_SPREADTRUM_Baolin_Wang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/6] dt-bindings: power: Introduce one property to
   1  Re: More checks for patterns? was: Fix pattern handling optimalization


Alan_Stern/
=============
   1  Re: USB-C device hotplug issue


Alok_Chauhan/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] spi: spi-geni-qcom: Simplify probe function
   1  [PATCH 1/2] spi: spi-geni-qcom: fix nitpicks
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] spi-geni-qcom: Cleanup nitpicks and simplify probe


Andrew_Lunn/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH net-next v8 28/28] net: WireGuard secure network tunnel
   1  Re: [PATCH] dp83867: fix speed 10 in sgmii mode
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] ARM: mm: Facilitate debugging CONFIG_KUSER_HELPERS


Andrew_Morton/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm: don't reclaim inodes with many attached pages
   1  Re: [PATCH] z3fold: encode object length in the handle
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm, thp: consolidate THP gfp handling into alloc_hugepage_direct_gfpmask


Andy_Gross/
=============
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Qualcomm ARM64 DT updates for 4.20


Andy_Shevchenko/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 2/3] iio: adc128s052: add ACPI _HID AANT1280
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/3] iio: adc128s052: add matching options


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH v9 6/9] i3c: master: Add driver for Cadence IP
   1  scsi: myrs: warning fix, was: [GIT PULL] first round of SCSI updates
   1  Re: scsi: myrs: warning fix, was: [GIT PULL] first round of SCSI
   1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 4.14 33/46] MIPS: Workaround GCC
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/6] PCI: layerscape: Add the EP mode support
   1  Re: Re: [PATCH V2 2/4] misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support


Bart_Van_Assche/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kernel/workqueue: Suppress a false positive lockdep
   1  Re: [PATCH] floppy: Avoid memory access beyond the array bounds in
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] kernel/workqueue: Surround work execution with
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] kernel/workqueue: Remove lockdep annotation from


Bj√∏rn_Mork/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 3.18 04/98] USB: qcserial: Fix support for HP lt4112 LTE/HSPA+ Gobi 4G Modem


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH v9 6/9] i3c: master: Add driver for Cadence IP
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH v10 1/9] i3c: Add core I3C infrastructure
   1  [PATCH v10 9/9] dt-bindings: gpio: Add bindings for Cadence I3C gpio expander
   1  [PATCH v10 8/9] gpio: Add a driver for Cadence I3C GPIO expander
   1  [PATCH v10 7/9] dt-bindings: i3c: Document Cadence I3C master bindings
   1  [PATCH v10 6/9] i3c: master: Add driver for Cadence IP
   1  [PATCH v10 5/9] MAINTAINERS: Add myself as the I3C subsystem maintainer
   1  [PATCH v10 4/9] dt-bindings: i3c: Document core bindings
   1  [PATCH v10 3/9] i3c: Add sysfs ABI spec
   1  [PATCH v10 2/9] docs: driver-api: Add I3C documentation
   1  [PATCH v10 0/9] Add the I3C subsystem


Boris_Ostrovsky/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only when pages are


Brendan_Higgins/
=============
   1  [PATCH v1] net: ipv6: fix racey clock check in route cache aging logic
   1  Re: [RFC v2 00/14] kunit: introduce KUnit, the Linux kernel unit
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] net: ipv6: fix racey clock check in route cache aging logic


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm/page_owner: use vmalloc instead of kmalloc


CK_Hu/
=============
   1  [PATCH 3/3] drm/mediatek: Use drm_gem_cma_object instead of mtk_drm_gem_obj
   1  [PATCH 2/3] drm: Add drm_gem_cma_dumb_create_no_kmap() helper function
   1  [PATCH 1/3] drm: Add dma_dev in struct drm_device
   1  [PATCH 0/3] Mediatek drm driver use drm_gem_cma_object instead of mtk_drm_gem_obj


Casey_Schaufler/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 03/10] audit: log container info of


Christoph_Hellwig/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] second round of dma mapping updates for 4.20
   1  Re: [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only when pages
   1  Re: [PATCH V3] block: fix the DISCARD request merge
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/10] arm64: use the generic swiotlb_dma_ops
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/10] swiotlb: add support for non-coherent DMA


Cong_Wang/
=============
   1  Re: tc qdisc command partially broken with patch-4.14.76-77 up to patch-4.14.77-78


DRM_DRIVERS_AND_MISC_GPU_PATCHES_Sean_Paul/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 5/6] dt-bindings: drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM
   2  Re: [PATCH 5/6] drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM is actually
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 6/6] drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM is actually
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/6] drm/panel: simple: Add "no-hpd" delay for Innolux
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/6] drm/panel: simple: Support panels with HPD where
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/6] dt-bindings: drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM is
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] drm/bridge: ti-sn65dsi86: Remove the mystery delay
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/6] drm/panel: simple: Support panels with HPD where HPD
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/6] dt-bindings: drm/panel: simple: Add no-hpd property


Dan_Williams/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3] x86/numa_emulation: Fix uniform-split numa emulation
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] x86/numa_emulation: Fix uniform-split numa emulation


Daniel_Borkmann/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] bpf: btf: Fix a missing-check bug


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: arm: Fix cpu capacity mismatch in example


Darrick_J_Wong/
=============
   1  Re: [dm-devel] [RFC] dm-bow working prototype


David_S_Miller/
=============
   1  [GIT] Sparc
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] net/ncsi: Add NCSI Mellanox OEM command
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next 0/4] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: fix vlan mcast
   1  Re: Regression: kernel 4.14 an later very slow with many ipsec


Dmitry_Osipenko/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 01/17] OPP: Allow to request stub voltage
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 8/8] memory: tegra: Introduce Tegra20 EMC driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] hwmon: Fix double-free in __hwmon_device_register()


Eduardo_Valentin/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] Thermal-SoC management updates for v4.20-rc1


Eric_Anholt/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/3] drm: tinydrm driver for adafruit PiTFT 3.5" touchscreen
   1  [PATCH] drm/tinydrm: Advertise that we can do only DRM_FORMAT_MOD_LINEAR.


Eric_Biederman/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] proc: use ns_capable instead of capable for timerslack_ns
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: mm: Facilitate debugging CONFIG_KUSER_HELPERS disabled
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification


Fenghua_Yu/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 8/8] selftests/resctrl: Add the test in MAINTAINERS
   1  [PATCH v2 7/8] selftests/resctrl: Add mba test
   1  [PATCH v2 6/8] selftests/resctrl: Add mbm test
   1  [PATCH v2 5/8] selftests/resctrl: Add built in benchmark
   1  [PATCH v2 4/8] selftests/resctrl: Add callback to start a benchmark
   1  [PATCH v2 3/8] selftests/resctrl: Read memory bandwidth from perf IMC counter and from resctrl file system
   1  [PATCH v2 2/8] selftests/resctrl: Add basic resctrl file system operations and data
   1  [PATCH v2 1/8] selftests/resctrl: Add README for resctrl tests
   1  [PATCH v2 0/8] selftests/resctrl: Add resctrl selftest


Florian_Fainelli/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] ARM: mm: Facilitate debugging CONFIG_KUSER_HELPERS
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] perf tests: Add a test for the ARM 32-bit [vectors]
   1  [PATCH] ARM: mm: Facilitate debugging CONFIG_KUSER_HELPERS disabled
   1  [PATCH v2] ARM: mm: Facilitate debugging CONFIG_KUSER_HELPERS disabled
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] perf tests: Add a test for the ARM 32-bit [vectors] page
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] perf tools: Make find_vdso_map() more modular
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] perf tests: Check for ARM [vectors] page
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] arm64: Cut rebuild time when changing


Florian_Westphal/
=============
   2  Re: Regression: kernel 4.14 an later very slow with many ipsec


Geert_Uytterhoeven/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH linux-next v1 3/4] arm64: ulcb: Add avb counter clock


Gerald_Schaefer/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 4.14 02/15] s390/hibernate: fix error handling


Grygorii_Strashko/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next 0/4] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: fix vlan mcast


Hannes_Reinecke/
=============
   1  Re: scsi: myrs: warning fix, was: [GIT PULL] first round of SCSI


Hans_de_Goede/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] libata: Apply NOLPM quirk for SAMSUNG
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] staging: vboxvideo: Remove unnecessary parentheses
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] libata: Apply NOLPM quirk for SAMSUNG
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] staging: vboxvideo: Remove chekpatch issues


INTEL_MANAGEMENT_ENGINE_Tomas_Winkler/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] tpm: fix kdoc for tpm2_flush_context_cmd()


Icenowy_Zheng/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/9] dt-bindings: Add ANX6345 DP/eDP transmitter binding


Ido_Schimmel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC] net: dsa: Make switches VLAN aware when enslaved into


J_Bruce_Fields/
=============
   1  [PATCH] lockd: fix access beyond unterminated strings in prints
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9 v3] locks: avoid thundering-herd wake-ups
   1  Re: KASAN: slab-out-of-bounds Read in string (2)


Jacek_Anaszewski/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] leds: gpio: set led_dat->gpiod pointer for OF defined
   1  Re: [PATCH] leds: gpio: Fix gpiod for DT based devices
   1  Re: [PATCH] Fix pattern handling optimalization
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/7] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Modify dt bindings for the
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] leds: upboard: Add LED support


James_Morris/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] security: keys updates for v4.20


Jan_Kara/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/7] btrfs: drop mmap_sem in mkwrite for btrfs


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] tpm: use tpm_buf in tpm_transmit_cmd() as the IO parameter
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] tpm: fix kdoc for tpm2_flush_context_cmd()


Jason_A_Donenfeld/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH net-next v8 28/28] net: WireGuard secure network tunnel
   1  [PATCH sparse] parse: shifting by full number of bits is undefined


Jason_Gunthorpe/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] Please pull RDMA subsystem changes


Jeff_Layton/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9 v3] locks: avoid thundering-herd wake-ups


Jens_Axboe/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] floppy: Avoid memory access beyond the array bounds in
   2  Re: [PATCH] blk-mq: ensure hctx to be ran on mapped cpu when issue
   1  [PATCH 11/14] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing) sets of IRQs
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] libata: Apply NOLPM quirk for SAMSUNG
   1  Re: [PATCH V4] block: fix the DISCARD request merge
   1  Re: [PATCH RESEND 1/2] fcntl: fix typo in RWH_WRITE_LIFE_NOT_SET r/w
   1  Re: [PATCH 11/14] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)
   1  Re: UBSAN: Undefined behaviour in drivers/block/floppy.c:1495:32


Jiri_Kosina/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "HID: add NOGET quirk for Eaton Ellipse MAX
   1  Re: [PATCH] HID: alps: allow incoming reports when only the trackstick
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] HID: i2c-hid: Add a small delay after sleep command
   1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 4.4 08/65] btrfs: cleaner_kthread() doesn't need
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] HID: debug: fix the ring buffer implementation


Joerg_Roedel/
=============
   1  [git pull] IOMMU Updates for Linux v4.20


Johan_Hovold/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 3.18 04/98] USB: qcserial: Fix support for HP
   1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 3.18 36/98] usb: serial: handle -ENODEV quietly
   1  Re: SV: Serial port of dw-abp-uart missing due to serial dev bus


Johannes_Berg/
=============
   6  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kernel/workqueue: Suppress a false positive lockdep
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/3] kernel/workqueue: Surround work execution with


Johannes_Weiner/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 2/2] memcg: do not report racy no-eligible OOM tasks


John_Garry/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arm64/numa: Add more vetting in numa_set_distance()
   1  Re: [PATCH -next] scsi: hisi_sas: Remove set but not used variable


John_Stultz/
=============
   1  [RFC][PATCH] wlcore: Fixup "Add support for optional wakeirq"
   1  [PATCH v3] scsi: ufs: Fix hynix ufs bug with quirk on hi36xx SoC
   1  Regression: OOPs on boot due to "wlcore: Add support for optional wakeirq"
   1  Re: [PATCH] proc: use ns_capable instead of capable for timerslack_ns
   1  Re: Regression: OOPs on boot due to "wlcore: Add support for optional wakeirq"


Josh_Poimboeuf/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/3] arm64: reliable stacktraces


Juergen_Gross/
=============
   2  [Xen-devel] [PATCH V2] Release: add release note link to SUPPORT.md
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] docs: remove ChangeLog file
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] Release: add release note link to SUPPORT.md
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH-for-4.11] Release: add release note link to
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH-for-4.10] Release: add release note link to
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] Release: add release note link to SUPPORT.md
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] CONFIG_XEN_PV breaks
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V2] Release: add release note link to


K_Y_Srinivasan/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/6] x86/kernel/hyper-v: xmm fast hypercall
   1  RE: [PATCH v2 0/6] x86/kernel/hyper-v: xmm fast hypercall


Kalle_Valo/
=============
   1  Re: Regression: OOPs on boot due to "wlcore: Add support for optional wakeirq"


Kees_Cook/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] pstore: Remove duplicate invoking of persistent_ram_zap()
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation


Keith_Busch/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 11/14] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)


Kishon_Vijay_Abraham_I/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.


Lars-Peter_Clausen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: iio: ad7780: update voltage on read


Lee_Jones/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 1/8] dt-bindings: mfd: document stpmic1
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 2/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/8] mfd: stpmic1: add stpmic1 driver
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 2/4] dt-bindings: anybus-bridge: document
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 1/4] mfd: support the Arcx anybus bridge.


Li_Yang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 5/6] arm64: dts: add QorIQ LX2160A SoC support


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
   1  Re: [v3 03/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Add intrinsics/macros for FSGSBASE instructions
   1  Re: [git pull] more ->lookup() cleanups
   1  Re: [GIT] Sparc
   1  Re: [GIT pull] irq updates for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] sound updates for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] security: integrity subsystem updates for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] security: TPM updates for v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] security: Smack updates for v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] security: LoadPin changes for v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] printk for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] cgroup changes for v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] USB driver patches for 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Please pull RDMA subsystem changes
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] KVM updates for Linux 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Driver core patches for 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: Crypto Update for 4.20


Linus_Walleij/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 2/4] dt-bindings: anybus-bridge: document


Lucas_Stach/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 01/17] OPP: Allow to request stub voltage


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm: don't reclaim inodes with many attached pages
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm, thp: consolidate THP gfp handling into
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm/page_owner: use vmalloc instead of kmalloc
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] mm: soft-offline: fix race against page allocation


Mark_Brown/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 2/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic


Mark_Rutland/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: Don't flush tlb while clearing the accessed bit


Maxime_Ripard_/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] drm/sun4i: tcon: Support an active-low DE signal


Michal_Simek/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] zynq-fpga: Only route PR via PCAP when required


Nadav_Amit/
=============
   1  Re: [v3 07/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Introduce the new FIND_PERCPU_BASE


Naoya_Horiguchi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC v2 1/1] hugetlbfs: use i_mmap_rwsem for pmd sharing


Nicolin_Chen/
=============
   1  [PATCH v4 5/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Add PM runtime support
   1  [PATCH v4 4/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Make sure data is ready before reading
   1  [PATCH v4 3/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Serialize sysfs ABI accesses
   1  [PATCH v4 2/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Check channel status for alarms attribute read
   1  [PATCH v4 1/5] hwmon: (core) Add pm ops to hwmon class
   1  [PATCH v4 0/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Implement PM runtime to save power
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] hwmon: (core) Inherit power properties to hdev


Noralf_Tr√∏nnes/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] drm: tinydrm driver for adafruit PiTFT 3.5"


Oleg_Nesterov/
=============
   4  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in task_is_descendant
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification


P1_devicetree/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 3/3] reset: reset-zynqmp: Adding support for Xilinx
   1  [PATCH] of/platform: Support dynamic device tree on AMBA bus
   1  [PATCH] dts: sun8i-h3: Add DTS for Mapleboard MP130
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] reset: reset-zynqmp: Adding support for Xilinx zynqmp reset controller.
   1  [PATCH v2 2/3] dt-bindings: reset: Add bindings for ZynqMP reset driver
   1  [PATCH v2 1/3] firmware: xilinx: Add reset API's
   1  [PATCH v2 0/3] Add reset driver support for ZynqMP
   1  [PATCH V2 4/4] ARM: dts: imx7s: Add flexcan stop mode wakeup support
   1  [PATCH V2 3/4] ARM: dts: imx6ul: Add flexcan stop mode wakeup support
   1  [PATCH V2 2/4] ARM: dts: imx6qdl: Add flexcan stop mode wakeup
   1  [PATCH V2 1/4] ARM: dts: imx6sx: Add flexcan stop mode wakeup support
   1  [PATCH V2 0/4] ARM: dts: imx: Add flexcan stop mode wakeup
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/5] nfc: pn532_uart: Add NXP PN532 to devicetree docs
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] firmware: xilinx: Add reset API's
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 09/10] irqchip: ti-sci-inta: Add support for Interrupt
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 06/10] dt-bindings: irqchip: Introduce TISCI Interrupt
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 00/10] Add support for TISCI irqchip drivers
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 1/4] mfd: support the Arcx anybus bridge.


P1_kvm/
=============
   3  Re: [kvm PATCH v4 0/2] use vmalloc to allocate vmx vcpus
   3  Re: [PATCH 2/4] kvm, vmx: move register clearing out of assembly path
   2  Re: [PATCH 4/4] kvm, vmx: remove manually coded vmx instructions
   1  [kvm PATCH v4 2/2] kvm: vmx: use vmalloc() to allocate vcpus
   1  [kvm PATCH v4 1/2] kvm: vmx: refactor vmx_msrs struct for vmalloc
   1  [kvm PATCH v4 0/2] use vmalloc to allocate vmx vcpus
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V5 5/5] KVM: Small Refactoring to
   1  [PATCH V5 4/5] KVM: X86: Adding support for byte granular memory ROE
   1  [PATCH V5 3/5] KVM: X86: Adding skeleton for Memory ROE
   1  [PATCH V5 2/5] KVM: X86: Adding arbitrary data pointer in kvm memslot iterator functions
   1  [PATCH V5 1/5] KVM: X86: Memory ROE documentation
   1  [PATCH V5 0/5] KVM: X86: Introducing ROE Protection Kernel Hardening
   1  Re: [kvm PATCH v4 1/2] kvm: vmx: refactor vmx_msrs struct for vmalloc
   1  Re: [PATCH] KVM/nVMX: Remove uneeded forward jump in
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/6] x86/kernel/hyper-v: xmm fast hypercall
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] kvm, vmx: move CR2 context switch out of assembly path


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   7  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm: don't reclaim inodes with many attached pages
   2  [PATCH v1 4/4] mm: Remove managed_page_count spinlock
   2  [PATCH v1 3/4] mm: convert totalram_pages and totalhigh_pages variables to atomic
   2  [PATCH v1 2/4] mm: Convert zone->managed_pages to atomic variable
   2  [PATCH v1 1/4] mm: Fix multiple evaluvations of totalram_pages and managed_pages
   2  [PATCH v1 0/4]mm: convert totalram_pages, totalhigh_pages and managed pages to atomic
   2  Re: [PATCH] mm/thp: Correctly differentiate between mapped THP and
   1  [PATCHv3 3/3] x86/ldt: Remove unused variable in map_ldt_struct()
   1  [PATCHv3 2/3] x86/ldt: Unmap PTEs for the slot before freeing LDT pages
   1  [PATCHv3 1/3] x86/mm: Move LDT remap out of KASLR region on 5-level paging
   1  [PATCHv3 0/3] Fix couple of issues with LDT remap for PTI


P1_netdev/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v1] net: ipv6: fix racey clock check in route cache aging
   1  bnx2: rx_fw_discards: BCM5716 sporadically drops packets when update
   1  [PATCH 1/1] ipmr: Make cache queue length configurable
   1  [PATCH 0/1] Make ipmr queue length configurable
   1  Re: [PATCH] bonding:avoid repeated display of same link status
   1  Re: [PATCH bpf] bpf: add bpf_jit_limit knob to restrict unpriv
   1  Re: Regression: kernel 4.14 an later very slow with many ipsec tunnels
   1  RE: [PATCH] bonding:avoid repeated display of same link status change
   1  KASAN: use-after-free Read in sk_psock_unlink


Paul_Burton/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 4.14 33/46] MIPS: Workaround GCC


Paul_Durrant/
=============
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] iommu / p2m: add a page_order parameter to
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] amd-iommu: get rid of pointless
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/mm/p2m: don't needlessly limit MMIO


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
   1  Re: srcu hung task panic


Paul_Moore/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 03/10] audit: log container info of syscalls
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 03/10] audit: log container info of
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] RISC-V: Add support for SECCOMP


Pavel_Machek/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 2/7] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Modify dt bindings for the
   2  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 4.14 02/15] s390/hibernate: fix error handling
   1  Re: [PATCH] leds: gpio: Fix gpiod for DT based devices
   1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 4.14 03/15] Input: i8042 - enable keyboard
   1  Re: Linux 4.19


Peter_Korsgaard/
=============
   1  [RESEND PATCH v2] ttyprintk: make the printk log level configurable


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] sched/core: Don't mix isolcpus and housekeeping CPUs
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/3] sched/core: Don't mix isolcpus and housekeeping
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] sched/core: Warn if cpumask has a mix of isolcpus
   1  Re: [PATCH 14/17] prmem: llist, hlist, both plain and rcu
   1  Re: [PATCH 13/17] prmem: linked list: disable layout randomization
   1  Re: [PATCH 12/17] prmem: linked list: set alignment
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation
   1  Re: [PATCH 02/17] prmem: write rare for static allocation


Rafael_J_Wysocki/
=============
   1  [RFC/RFT][PATCH v2] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor for tickless systems
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] kernel/hung_task.c: disable on suspend
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] cpufreq: intel_pstate: Fix compilation for !CONFIG_ACPI
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 1/2] sched: Factor out nr_iowait and nr_iowait_cpu
   1  Re: 4.18: early boot crash in thermal_cooling_device_destroy_sysfs


Rob_Clark/
=============
   1  [PATCH] fbdev: make FB_BACKLIGHT a tristate


Rob_Herring/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH 1/2] drm/panel: Add support for Armadeus ST0700
   1  Re: [PATCH] spi: uniphier: fix incorrect property items
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/7] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Modify dt bindings for the
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/5] nfc: pn532_uart: Add NXP PN532 to devicetree docs
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] dt-bindings: Input: new bindings for MSM vibrator
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/4] dt-bindings: pci: layerscape-pci: removed
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] dt-bindings: pci: layerscape-pci: add compatible
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 06/10] dt-bindings: irqchip: Introduce TISCI Interrupt
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] arm64: Cut rebuild time when changing CONFIG_BLK_DEV_INITRD
   1  Re: [PATCH linux-next v1 2/4] clk: renesas: Add binding document for
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/6] dt-bindings: drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM is
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/9] dt-bindings: Add ANX6345 DP/eDP transmitter binding
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/6] PCI: layerscape: Add the EP mode support
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: nvmem: Add bindings for ZynqMP nvmem
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: Add ICE device specific parameters
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: iio: adc: Add docs for AD7606 ADC
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/6] dt-bindings: drm/panel: simple: Add no-hpd property
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] dt-bindings: new binding for Himax HX8357D display


Russell_King/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] perf tests: Add a test for the ARM 32-bit [vectors]
   1  Re: [RFC v1 1/1] imx-drm: match ipu_di_signal_cfg's clk_pol with its
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: mm: Facilitate debugging CONFIG_KUSER_HELPERS


Shuah_Khan/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] kselftest update for Linux 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [RFC v2 00/14] kunit: introduce KUnit, the Linux kernel unit
   1  Re: [PATCH] usbip: tools: fix atoi() on non-null terminated string


Stefan_Schmidt/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4.9 50/71] inet: frags: use rhashtables for reassembly


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
   3  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in task_is_descendant


Theodore_Tso/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v8 28/28] net: WireGuard secure network tunnel
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kernel/workqueue: Suppress a false positive lockdep
   1  Re: The linux devs can rescind their license grant.


Thierry_Reding/
=============
   1  [PATCH 9/9] arm64: tegra: Mark TCU as primary serial port on Tegra194 P2888
   1  [PATCH 8/9] arm64: tegra: Add nodes for TCU on Tegra194
   1  [PATCH 7/9] serial: Add Tegra Combined UART driver
   1  [PATCH 6/9] dt-bindings: serial: Add bindings for nvidia,tegra194-tcu
   1  [PATCH 5/9] mailbox: tegra-hsp: Add suspend/resume support
   1  [PATCH 4/9] mailbox: tegra-hsp: Add support for shared mailboxes
   1  [PATCH 3/9] dt-bindings: tegra186-hsp: Add shared interrupts
   1  [PATCH 2/9] mailbox: Allow multiple controllers per device
   1  [PATCH 1/9] mailbox: Support blocking transfers in atomic context
   1  [PATCH 0/9] serial: Add Tegra Combined UART driver


Todor_Tomov/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] arm64: dts: qcom: msm8916: Add CAMSS support
   1  [PATCH 1/2] arm64: dts: qcom: msm8916: Add IOMMU sub-node for VFE context bank


Tony_Lindgren/
=============
   2  Re: Regression: OOPs on boot due to "wlcore: Add support for


Uwe_Kleine-K√∂nig/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v5 0/9] extend PWM framework to support PWM modes


VFS_Alexander_Viro/
=============
   2  Re: The linux devs can rescind their license grant.


Viresh_Kumar/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: arm: Fix cpu capacity mismatch in example


Wei_Liu/
=============
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] Release: add release note link to SUPPORT.md
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH-for-4.11] Release: add release note link to
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH-for-4.10] Release: add release note link to
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] Ongoing/future speculative mitigation work


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo


amd-gfx/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH -next] drm/radeon/kms: remove set but not used variable 'pll'
   1  Re: [PATCH -next] drm/amd/powerplay: remove duplicated includes


bcm-kernel-feedback-list/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 08/17] thermal: qcom: tsens: enable+check sensor after
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 03/17] thermal: separate sensor enable and check operations


containers/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 03/10] audit: log container info


dm-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC] dm-bow working prototype
   1  [SPAM] Re: [RFC] dm-bow working prototype
   1  Re: [dm-devel] [RFC] dm-bow working prototype


dmaengine/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] dmaengine: xilinx_dma: Remove __aligned attribute on zynqmp_dma_desc_ll
   1  [PATCH] dmaengine: xilinx_dma: Remove __aligned attribute on zynqmp_dma_desc_ll
   1  [PATCH 7/7] dt-bindings: fsl-qdma: Add NXP Layerscpae qDMA controller bindings
   1  [PATCH 6/7] arm64: dts: ls1046a: add qdma device tree nodes
   1  [PATCH 5/7] arm64: dts: ls1043a: add qdma device tree nodes
   1  [PATCH 4/7] arm: dts: ls1021a: add qdma device tree nodes
   1  [PATCH 3/7] dmaengine: fsl-qdma: Add qDMA controller driver for Layerscape SoCs
   1  [PATCH 2/7] dmaengine: fsldma: Adding macro FSL_DMA_IN/OUT implement for ARM platform
   1  [PATCH 1/7] dmaengine: fsldma: Replace DMA_IN/OUT by FSL_DMA_IN/OUT
   1  Re: [PATCH] dmaengine: xilinx_dma: Remove __aligned attribute on


dri-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 5/6] drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM is actually P120ZDG-BF1
   1  [RFC v1 1/1] imx-drm: match ipu_di_signal_cfg's clk_pol with its observed behaviour.
   1  [RFC v1 0/1] imx-drm: match ipu_di_signal_cfg's clk_pol with its observed behaviour.
   1  [PATCH] drm/i915: Disable -Wuninitialized for intel_breadcrumbs.o
   1  [PATCH v4 2/2] drm/exynos: decon: Make pixel blend mode
   1  [PATCH v4 1/2] drm/exynos: decon: Make plane alpha configurable
   1  [PATCH v4 0/2] drm/exynos: decon: Add properties
   1  [PATCH v3 25/25] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64-amarula-relic: Enable Techstar TS8550B MIPI-DSI panel
   1  [PATCH v3 24/25] [DO NOT MERGE] arm64: dts: allwinner: bananapi-m64: Bananapi S070WV20-CT16 DSI panel
   1  [PATCH v3 23/25] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: Add DSI pipeline
   1  [PATCH v3 21/25] clk: sunxi-ng: a64: Add min and max rate for PLL_MIPI
   1  [PATCH v3 20/25] drm/panel: Add Techstar TS8550B MIPI-DSI LCD panel
   1  [PATCH v3 19/25] dt-bindings: panel: Add Techstar TS8550B MIPI DSI panel
   1  [PATCH v3 18/25] drm/panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16 ICN6211 MIPI-DSI to RGB bridge
   1  [PATCH v3 17/25] dt-bindings: panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16 ICN6211 MIPI-DSI to RGB bridge
   1  [PATCH v3 16/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add support for VCC-DSI voltage regulator
   1  [PATCH v3 15/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Set proper vblk timing calculation
   1  [PATCH v3 14/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Increase hfp packet overhead
   1  [PATCH v3 13/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Fix DSI hfp timing value
   1  [PATCH v3 12/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add DSI hblk packet overhead
   1  [PATCH v3 11/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Fix DSI hblk timing calculation
   1  [PATCH v3 10/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Fix DSI hbp timing value
   1  [PATCH v3 09/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Refactor vertical video start delay
   1  [PATCH v3 08/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Fix TCON DRQ set bits
   1  [PATCH v3 07/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Fix VBP size calculation
   1  [PATCH v3 06/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add DSI Generic short write 2 param transfer
   1  [PATCH v3 04/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add Allwinner A64 MIPI DSI support
   1  [PATCH v3 03/25] clk: sunxi-ng: Add check for maximum rate to NKM PLLs
   1  [PATCH v3 02/25] clk: sunxi-ng: Add check for minimal rate to NKM PLLs
   1  [PATCH v3 00/25] drm/sun4i: Allwinner A64 MIPI-DSI support 
   1  [PATCH v2 6/6] drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM is actually P120ZDG-BF1
   1  [PATCH v2 5/6] dt-bindings: drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM is actually P120ZDG-BF1
   1  [PATCH v2 4/6] drm/bridge: ti-sn65dsi86: Remove the mystery delay
   1  [PATCH v2 3/6] drm/panel: simple: Add "no-hpd" delay for Innolux TV123WAM
   1  [PATCH v2 2/6] drm/panel: simple: Support panels with HPD where HPD isn't connected
   1  [PATCH v2 1/6] dt-bindings: drm/panel: simple: Add no-hpd property
   1  [PATCH 2/2] drm/i915: Add short HPD IRQ storm detection for non-MST systems
   1  [PATCH 1/2] drm/i915: Fix NULL deref when re-enabling HPD IRQs on systems with MST
   1  [PATCH 0/2] drm/i915: HPD IRQ storm detection fixes
   1  Re: [RFC v1 0/1] imx-drm: match ipu_di_signal_cfg's clk_pol with its observed behaviour.
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/i915: Disable -Wuninitialized for intel_breadcrumbs.o
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/6] dt-bindings: drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/6] drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM is actually
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] drm/mediatek: Use drm_gem_cma_object instead of


iommu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/10] swiotlb: add support for non-coherent DMA


kbuild-all/
=============
   1  drivers/regulator/bd718x7-regulator.c:364:4: error: implicit


kexec/
=============
   1  [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo
   1  Re: [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo


kvm-arm/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] ARM: mm: Facilitate debugging CONFIG_KUSER_HELPERS disabled
   1  Re: [[PATCH] 8/9] DMA-UART-Driver-for-AST2500
   1  Re: [[PATCH] 0/9] *** DMA support for UART in ASPEED's AST2500  ***


linux-amlogic/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver


linux-arch/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  [PATCH] selftests/prctl: selftest for pre-coredump signal
   1  [PATCH v6 5/5] parisc: syscalls: ignore nfsservctl for other architectures
   1  [PATCH v6 4/5] parisc: generate uapi header and system call table files
   1  [PATCH v6 3/5] parisc: add system call table generation support
   1  [PATCH v6 2/5] parisc: add __NR_syscalls along with __NR_Linux_syscalls
   1  [PATCH v6 1/5] parisc: move __IGNORE* entries to non uapi header
   1  [PATCH v6 0/5] parisc: system call table generation support
   1  [PATCH v4] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  [PATCH v4 5/5] ia64: generate uapi header and system call table files
   1  [PATCH v4 4/5] ia64: add system call table generation support
   1  [PATCH v4 3/5] ia64: add an offset for system call number
   1  [PATCH v4 3/4] m68k: add system call table generation support
   1  [PATCH v4 2/5] ia64: add __NR_syscalls along with NR_syscalls
   1  [PATCH v4 2/4] m68k: add __NR_syscalls along with NR_syscalls
   1  [PATCH v4 1/5] ia64: add __NR_old_getpagesize in uapi header file
   1  [PATCH v4 1/4] m68k: rename system call table file name
   1  [PATCH v4 0/5] ia64: system call table generation support
   1  [PATCH v4 0/4] m68k: system call table generation support
   1  [PATCH v3 3/3] microblaze: generate uapi header and system call table files
   1  [PATCH v3 2/3] microblaze: add system call table generation support
   1  [PATCH v3 1/3] microblaze: move __NR_syscalls macro from asm/unistd.h
   1  [PATCH v3 0/3] microblaze: system call table generation support
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 21/21] csky: support dword access for get_user_size()
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 01/21] csky: Build infrastructure


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 4/4] dt-bindings/irqchip/mbigen: add example of MBIGEN generate SPIs
   1  [PATCH v2 3/4] irqchip/mbigen: add support for a MBIGEN generating SPIs
   1  [PATCH v2 2/4] irqchip/mbigen: rename register marcros
   1  [PATCH v2 1/4] irqchip/gic-v3-mbi: fix uninitialized mbi_lock
   1  [PATCH v2 0/4] add support for MBIGEN generating message based SPIs


linux-aspeed/
=============
   1  [PATCH net-next] net/ncsi: Add NCSI Mellanox OEM command
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 08/12] mfd: intel-peci-client: Add PECI client MFD


linux-audit/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] RISC-V: Add support for SECCOMP


linux-block/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] floppy: Avoid memory access beyond the array bounds in setup_rw_floppy()
   3  Re: Bug: swap discard issue with zram caused by "block: don't deal
   2  Re: [PATCH V3] block: fix the DISCARD request merge
   1  [PATCH] lightnvm: pblk: fix chunk close trace event check
   1  [PATCH] floppy: Avoid memory access beyond the array bounds in setup_rw_floppy()
   1  [PATCH V4] block: fix the DISCARD request merge
   1  Re: [PATCH] blk-mq: ensure hctx to be ran on mapped cpu when issue
   1  Re: UBSAN: Undefined behaviour in drivers/block/floppy.c:1495:32
   1  Bug: swap discard issue with zram caused by "block: don't deal with


linux-bluetooth/
=============
   1  [PATCH v1] Bluetooth: hci_qca: Add helper to set device address.
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] Bluetooth: btqcomsmd: use
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] Bluetooth: Add quirk for reading BD_ADDR from fwnode


linux-cachefs/
=============
   1  [PATCH] fscache: fix race between enablement and dropping of object


linux-can/
=============
   1  [PATCH V2 2/2] Documentation: can: flexcan: Add stop mode property to
   1  [PATCH V2 1/2] can: flexcan: Add self wakeup support
   1  [PATCH V2 0/2] can: flexcan: Add CAN self wakeup support


linux-clk/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH linux-next v1 3/4] arm64: ulcb: Add avb counter clock
   1  Re: [PATCH linux-next v1 2/4] clk: renesas: Add binding document for
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/6] clk: change rates via list iteration


linux-doc/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 2/2] ThunderX2, perf : Add Cavium ThunderX2 SoC UNCORE


linux-fsdevel/
=============
   1  [PATCH RESEND 2/2] drivers/md/raid5.c: use the new spelling of
   1  [PATCH RESEND 1/2] fcntl: fix typo in RWH_WRITE_LIFE_NOT_SET r/w hint
   1  [PATCH RESEND 0/2] Fix typo in RWH_WRITE_LIFE_NOT_SET constant name
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9 v3] locks: avoid thundering-herd wake-ups


linux-gpio/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] pinctrl: generic: Avoid several implicit enum conversions
   1  Re: [PATCH v10 0/9] Add the I3C subsystem


linux-i2c/
=============
   1  [PATCH v6] i2c: Add PCI and platform drivers for the AMD MP2 I2C
   1  Re: [v5] i2c: Add PCI and platform drivers for the AMD MP2 I2C


linux-ide/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ata: add Buddha PATA controller driver


linux-iio/
=============
   1  [PATCH v5 2/2] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Add device tree support.
   1  [PATCH v5 1/2] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  [PATCH v5 0/2] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] staging: iio: ad7780: fix offset read value
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] staging: iio: ad7780: update voltage on read
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] staging: iio: ad7780: correct driver read
   1  [PATCH 6/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Check channel type at read_raw
   1  [PATCH 5/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Add IIO_CHAN_INFO_SCALE to channel spec and read_raw
   1  [PATCH 4/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Move device registration to the end of probe
   1  [PATCH 3/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Remove always overwritten assignment
   1  [PATCH 2/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Make probe handle spi_setup failure
   1  [PATCH 1/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Make read_raw return spi_read's error code
   1  [PATCH 0/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Add scale info and improve error handling
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/3] iio: adc128s052: add ACPI _HID AANT1280
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Add IIO_CHAN_INFO_SCALE to


linux-media/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC] Stateless codecs: how to refer to reference frames
   1  Re: [PATCH] [media] dib7000p: Remove dead code


linux-mediatek/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] mm/page_owner: use vmalloc instead of kmalloc
   1  [PATCH] mm/page_owner: use vmalloc instead of kmalloc


linux-nfs/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] Please pull NFS client changes for Linux 4.20.


linux-nvdimm/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH 0/9] Allow persistent memory to be used like normal RAM


linux-pci/
=============
   2  RE: [PATCH 3/6] PCI: layerscape: Add the EP mode support
   1  RE: [PATCH] PCI/Layerscape: fix wrongly invoking of outbound window
   1  RE: [PATCH 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.


linux-pm/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC/RFT/[PATCH] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor for
   1  Re: [PATCH] power: reset: at91-reset: enable I-cache for
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/6] dt-bindings: power: Introduce one property to
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] driver: thermal: Move some drivers into subdirs
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: cpufreq: Introduce QCOM CPUFREQ


linux-pwm/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: [RESEND PATCH v5 0/9] extend PWM framework to


linux-rdma/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH] RDMA/cxgb3: Fix unintended sign extension


linux-remoteproc/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH v4 13/17] remoteproc: create vdev subdevice with
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 15/17] remoteproc: da8xx: declare reserved memory
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 13/17] remoteproc: create vdev subdevice with specific
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 10/17] remoteproc: add helper function to check
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 01/17] remoteproc: configure IOMMU only if device
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 08/17] remoteproc: add alloc ops in rproc_mem_entry
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 01/17] remoteproc: configure IOMMU only if


linux-s390/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] arm64: Cut rebuild time when changing
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] vfio: ccw: Register mediated device once all structures are initialized
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] vfio: ccw: Merge BUSY and BOXED states
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] vfio: ccw: VFIO CCW cleanup part1


linux-scsi/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] libosd: Remove ignored __weak attribute
   1  [PATCH -next] scsi: hisi_sas: Remove set but not used variable 'dq_list'
   1  [PATCH -next] mvsas: remove set but not used variables 'res_flag'


linux-serial/
=============
   1  [PATCH] Add support of TI ICDI to USB simple serial device


linux-soc/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v3 16/16] arm64: dts: sdm845: enable tsens thermal zones
   1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add reserve-memory nodes
   1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add SCM DT node
   1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add PDC Global reset driver node
   1  [PATCH v1] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Fix pcs_misc region address for UNI PHY
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Fix pcs_misc region address


linux-sparse/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH sparse] parse: shifting by full number of bits is


linux-spi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] spi: spi-geni-qcom: Simplify probe function
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] spi: spi-geni-qcom: fix nitpicks


linux-tegra/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arm64: Don't flush tlb while clearing the accessed bit


linux-tip-commits/
=============
   7  [tip:perf/urgent] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py:
   5  [tip:perf/urgent] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Add
   2  [tip:perf/urgent] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Add
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] tools script: Add --call-trace and
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] tools lib subcmd: Introduce OPTION_ULONG
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf trace: Introduce per-event maximum number of
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf trace: Introduce --max-events
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf trace: Drop thread refcount in
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf trace: Drop addr_location refcounts
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf symbols: Set PLT entry/header sizes properly
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf stat: Poll for monitored tasks being alive
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Use
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Set
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Make
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf script: Support total cycles count
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf script: Make itrace script default to all
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf script: Implement --graph-function
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf script: Flush output stream after events in
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf script: Allow extended console debug output
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf script: Add --insn-trace for instruction
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf record: Encode -k clockid frequency into
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf jitdump: Add Sparc support.
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf evsel: Mark a evsel as disabled when asking
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf evsel: Introduce per event max_events
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf arm64: Fix generate system call table failed
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf annotate: Add Sparc support


linux-usb/
=============
   1  [PATCH] usb: quirks: Add delay-init quirk for Corsair K70 LUX RGB
   1  [PATCH] usb: core: do not clear USB_PORT_FEAT_C_CONNECTION on warm
   1  [PATCH] USB: quirks: Add no-lpm quirk for Raydium touchscreens
   1  [PATCH -next] USB: serial: mos7840: remove set but not used variables 'st, data1, iflag'
   1  Re: USB-C device hotplug issue


linux-watchdog/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/8] dt-bindings: mfd: document stpmic1


linux-wireless/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH] wlcore: Fixup "Add support for optional wakeirq"


live-patching/
=============
   1  [PATCH v4 3/3] arm64: reliable stacktraces
   1  [PATCH v4 2/3] arm64: implement live patching
   1  [PATCH v4 1/3] arm64: implement ftrace with regs
   1  [PATCH v4 0/3] arm64 live patching


lwn/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation


osuosl-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] binder: ipc namespace support for android binder
   1  [PATCH RFC 18/18] staging: vchiq: add more tasks to the TODO list
   1  [PATCH RFC 17/18] staging: vchiq_arm: fix open/release cdev functions
   1  [PATCH RFC 16/18] staging: vchiq_arm: rework probe and init functions
   1  [PATCH RFC 15/18] stagning: vchiq_core: fix logic redundancy in parse_open
   1  [PATCH RFC 14/18] staging: vchiq_util: get rid of unneeded memory barriers
   1  [PATCH RFC 13/18] staging: vchiq_core: use completions instead of semaphores
   1  [PATCH RFC 12/18] staging: vchiq_util: use completions instead of semaphores
   1  [PATCH RFC 11/18] staging: vchiq_arm: use completions instead of semaphores
   1  [PATCH RFC 10/18] staging: vchiq_core: don't add a wmb() before remote_event_signal()
   1  [PATCH RFC 09/18] staging: vchiq_core: do not initialize semaphores twice
   1  [PATCH RFC 08/18] staging: vchiq_core: remove unnecessary safety checks in vchiq_init_state
   1  [PATCH RFC 07/18] staging: vchiq-core: get rid of is_master distinction
   1  [PATCH RFC 06/18] staging: vchiq_arm: rework vchiq_ioc_copy_element_data
   1  [PATCH RFC 05/18] staging: vchiq_arm: get rid of vchi_mh.h
   1  [PATCH RFC 04/18] stagning: vchiq_arm: use list_for_each_entry when accessing bulk_waiter_list
   1  [PATCH RFC 03/18] staging: vchiq_shim: delete vchi_service_create
   1  [PATCH RFC 02/18] staging: vchiq_arm: rework close/remove_service IOCTLS
   1  [PATCH RFC 01/18] staging: vchiq_core: rework vchiq_get_config
   1  [PATCH RFC 00/18] staging: vchiq: remove dead code & misc fixes
   1  [PATCH 0/2] staging: vboxvideo: Remove chekpatch issues
   1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH v2] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio


qemu-devel/
=============
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 20/20] ppc: move at24c to its own CONFIG_ symbol
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 19/20] milkymist-minimac2: Use
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 18/20] hw/intc/gicv3: Remove useless parenthesis
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 17/20] hw/pci-host: Remove useless parenthesis
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 16/20] tests/bios-tables-test: Remove an useless
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 15/20] xen: Use the PCI_DEVICE macro
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 14/20] qobject: Catch another straggler for use
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 13/20] configure: Support pkg-config for zlib
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 12/20] tests: Fix typos in comments and help
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 11/20] cpu.h: fix a typo in comment
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 06/20] docs/devel/testing.rst: add missing
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 04/20] tests/tcg/README: fix location for lm32
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 03/20] memory.h: fix typos in comments
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 02/20] vga_int: remove unused function protype
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 01/20] configs/alpha: Remove unused
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL 00/20] Trivial patches patches
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v1] xen: preserve COMPAT in CFLAGS


virtualization/
=============
   1  [PATCH 5/5] drm/virtio: bump driver version after explicit synchronization addition
   1  [PATCH 4/5] drm/virtio: add out-fences support for explicit synchronization
   1  [PATCH 3/5] drm/virtio: add in-fences support for explicit synchronization
   1  [PATCH 2/5] drm/virtio: add uapi for in and out explicit fences
   1  [PATCH 1/5] drm/virtio: add virtio_gpu_alloc_fence()
   1  [PATCH 0/5] virgl: fence fd support


x86_Andy_Lutomirski/
=============
   2  Re: [v3 04/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Enable FSGSBASE instructions in the
   2  Re: [v3 03/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Add intrinsics/macros for FSGSBASE instructions
   1  Re: [v3 07/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Introduce the new FIND_PERCPU_BASE macro
   1  Re: [regression in -rc1] Re: [PATCH v6 2/8] x86/fsgsbase/64:
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [v3 04/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Enable FSGSBASE


xen-devel/
=============
  22  Re: [Xen-devel] Ongoing/future speculative mitigation work
   6  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 01/34] x86emul: support AVX512 opmask
   5  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 2/5] x86/domain: Initialise vcpu debug
   5  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/4] x86/vvmx: Don't handle unknown nested
   4  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] Ongoing/future speculative mitigation
   4  Re: [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only when pages are
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 02/34] x86/HVM: grow MMIO cache data size
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V2 3/3] x86/altp2m: fix display frozen when
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [v3 04/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Enable FSGSBASE
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v1] x86/hvm: Clean up may_defer from hvm_*
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V3] x86/altp2m: clean up
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V2 2/3] x86/mm: allocate logdirty_ranges for
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/5] docs/qemu-deprivilege: Revise and
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] Fix VGA logdirty related display freezes with altp2m
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 128972: regressions - trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-4.11-testing baseline-only test] 75507: trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 128974: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75505: trouble: blocked/broken
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75502: trouble: blocked/broken
   1  [Xen-devel] [libvirt test] 128963: tolerable all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [freebsd-master test] 129000: trouble: blocked/broken
   1  [Xen-devel] [examine test] 75503: trouble: blocked/broken/fail
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
   1  [Xen-devel] Ping: [PATCH] x86: restrict HVMOP_pagetable_dying to
   1  [Xen-devel] Ping: [PATCH] pass-through: adjust pIRQ migration
   1  [Xen-devel] Ping: [PATCH] ns16550/PCI: fix skipping of devices
   1  [Xen-devel] Ping: [PATCH v2 0/2] ns16550: enable use of PCI MSI
   1  [Xen-devel] Ping: [PATCH 3/5] x86/cpuidle: push parked CPUs into
   1  [Xen-devel] Ping: Re: [PATCH 2/5] x86/idle: re-arrange dead-idle
   1  [Xen-devel] Ping: Re: Flask default policy mismatch vs dummy
   1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 2/5] x86/domain: Initialise
   1  [PATCH] x86/xen: add physically contiguous check to
   1  Re: [v3 04/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Enable FSGSBASE instructions in the
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] usage of libxc compat function fails with staging
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/efi: Do not insert timestamps in efi
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/cpuid: Tie SMAP to NX,
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/HVM: adjust hvm_interrupt_blocked()
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] iommu / p2m: add a page_order parameter to
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] Release: add release note link to SUPPORT.md
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 21/25] xen: support console_switching
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 5/5] x86: Reorganise and rename debug
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 02/16] x86: put some code in
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 01/16] x86: make mm.c build with
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V2] Release: add release note link to
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 5/5] RFC: test/depriv: Add a tool to check
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/5] tools/dm_depriv: Add first cut RLIMITs
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/5] tools/dm_restrict: Unshare mount and
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 22/22] xen/arm: Move vgic_* helpers from
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 21/22] xen/arm: platform: Don't include
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/5] tools/dm_restrict: Ask QEMU to chroot
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 19/22] xen/arm: Remove unnecessary include
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 16/22] xen/arm: Remove unnecessary includes
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 14/22] xen/arm: Remove unnecessary includes
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 13/22] xen/arm: Only include vreg.h when
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 12/22] xen/arm: Only include stringify.h
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 11/22] xen/arm: Move out of processor.h
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 10/22] xen/arm: Move SYSREG accessors in
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/4] xen/arm: gic: Ensure we have an ISB
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/4] x86/vvmx: Unconditionally initialise
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 08/22] xen/arm: gic-v3: Re-order includes in
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] Xen optimizationcy
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] Xen optimization
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] Ping: [PATCH] x86: restrict HVMOP_pagetable_dying
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86/xen: add physically contiguous check to
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86/efi: Do not insert timestamps in efi files


