
ARM_SPREADTRUM_Baolin_Wang/
=============
   1  [PATCH 5/5] rtc: sc27xx: Always read normal alarm when registering RTC device
   1  [PATCH 4/5] rtc: sc27xx: Add check to see if need to enable the alarm interrupt
   1  [PATCH 3/5] rtc: sc27xx: Remove interrupts disable and clear in probe()
   1  [PATCH 2/5] rtc: sc27xx: Clear SPG value update interrupt status
   1  [PATCH 1/5] rtc: sc27xx: Set wakeup capability before registering rtc device
   1  [PATCH 0/5] Fix some issues for RTC alarm function
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] Add some fixes and new feature for SPRD DMA


Aaro_Koskinen/
=============
   1  Re: Bug report: MIPS CI20/jz4740-mmc DMA and PREEMPT_NONE


Adrian_Hunter/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 11/11] perf tools: Stop fallbacking to kallsyms for vdso


Al_Cooper/
=============
   1  [PATCH V2 6/6] usb: host: Add ability to build new Broadcom STB USB drivers
   1  [PATCH V2 5/6] usb: ehci: Add new EHCI driver for Broadcom STB SoC's
   1  [PATCH V2 4/6] usb: ohci-platform: Add support for Broadcom STB SoC's
   1  [PATCH V2 3/6] usb: xhci: xhci-plat: Add support for Broadcom STB SoC's
   1  [PATCH V2 2/6] usb: core: Add ability to skip phy exit on suspend and init on resume
   1  [PATCH V2 1/6] dt-bindings: Add Broadcom STB OHCI, EHCI and XHCI binding document
   1  [PATCH V2 0/6] Add XHCI, EHCI and OHCI support for Broadcom STB SoS's


Alan_Stern/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] USB: Wait for extra delay time after USB_PORT_FEAT_RESET
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 6/6] usb: host: Add ability to build new Broadcom STB
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] usb: gadget: add functions to signal udc driver to


Alan_Tull/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 01/18] of: overlay: add tests to validate kfrees from
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes


Alex_Williamson/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 1/4] VFIO KABI for migration interface
   1  Re: [PATCH] drivers/vfio: Fix an 8-byte alignment issue
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] drivers/vfio: Fix a redundant copy bug
   1  Re: [PATCH kernel 3/3] vfio_pci: Add NVIDIA GV100GL [Tesla V100


Alexandre_Belloni/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] misc: atmel-ssc: Fix section annotation on
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 00/22] clk: at91: Rework DT bindings
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH v3 1/3] code-of-conduct: Fix the


Andrew_Morton/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] serial: set suppress_bind_attrs flag only if
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] writeback: don't decrement wb->refcnt if !wb->bdi
   1  Re: [LKP] [mm/memory.c] 6558038e45: general_protection_fault:#[##]


Andrzej_Hajda/
=============
   1  [PATCH v4 2/3] driver core: add deferring probe reason to


Arend_van_Spriel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] brcmfmac: fix spelling mistake "Retreiving" ->


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
   1  [PATCH] spi: pxa2xx: fix PCI dependency
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] ixgbe: fix XFRM_ALGO dependency
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 21/21] csky: support dword access for get_user_size()
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 12/21] csky: ELF and module probe
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 00/21] C-SKY(csky) Linux Kernel Port


Bartlomiej_Zolnierkiewicz/
=============
   1  [PATCH] ata: add Buddha PATA controller driver
   1  Re: [PATCH] ata: add Buddha PATA controller driver


Benjamin_Gaignard/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] drm/sti: clean up after drm_atomic_helper_shutdown rework
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/sti: make crct disable atomic
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/8] media: sti/bdisp: don't pass GFP_DMA32 to dma_alloc_attrs
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/8] drm: sti: don't pass GFP_DMA32 to dma_alloc_wc


Benoit_Parrot/
=============
   1  Re: [Patch v4 5/8] drm/omap: Add global state as a private atomic


Bin_Liu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] usb: gadget: add functions to signal udc driver to
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/6] usb: gadget: add mechanism to asynchronously


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add support for Amlogic


Brendan_Higgins/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC v1 06/31] arch: um: enabled running kunit from User Mode Linux
   2  Re: [RFC v1 00/31] kunit: Introducing KUnit, the Linux kernel unit
   1  Re: [RFC v1 26/31] arch: um: added stubs for mock iomem for KUnit
   1  Re: [RFC v1 22/31] kunit: mock: add the concept of spyable functions


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: Add entry for VKMS
   1  Re: [PATCH v11 1/5] venus: firmware: add routine to reset ARM9
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] driver core: add probe_err log helper
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH] code-of-conduct: Remove explicit list
   1  Re: Bad MAINTAINERS pattern in section 'USER-MODE LINUX (UML)'


Catalin_Marinas/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 00/24] ILP32 for ARM64


Chanwoo_Choi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Add arch_timer
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Refactor resources


Christoffer_Dall/
=============
   1  [PATCH] KVM: arm64: Safety check PSTATE when entering guest and handle IL


Christoph_Hellwig/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mtd: rawnand: r852: use generic DMA API
   1  Re: [PATCH] ata: add Buddha PATA controller driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] mm: Add an F_SEAL_FS_WRITE seal to memfd
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] IDA/IDR fixes for 4.19
   1  LICENSES: Remove CC-BY-SA-4.0 license text


Chunfeng_Yun/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 2/6] usb: core: Add ability to skip phy exit on


Chunyan_Zhang/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH] ARM: prevent tracing IPI_CPU_BACKTRACE


Cornelia_Huck/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] vfio: ccw: Merge BUSY and BOXED states


Dan_Williams/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] pstore/ram: Clarify resource reservation labels
   1  Re: [RFC v1 00/31] kunit: Introducing KUnit, the Linux kernel unit
   1  Re: [Qemu-devel] [PATCH v2 2/2] virtio-pmem: Add virtio pmem driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 1/7] mm, devm_memremap_pages: Mark devm_memremap_pages()


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 1/2] sched/cpufreq: Reorganize the cpufreq files
   1  [PATCH V2 2/2] sched/cpufreq: Add the SPDX tags
   1  [PATCH V2 1/2] sched/cpufreq: Reorganize the cpufreq files
   1  [PATCH 2/2] sched/cpufreq: Add the SPDX tags
   1  [PATCH 1/2] sched/cpufreq: Reorganize the cpufreq files


David_Howells/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 31/34] vfs: syscall: Add fspick() to select a superblock for reconfiguration [ver #12]
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] statx: add STATX_ATTRIBUTES flag
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] uapi: get rid of STATX_ALL


David_Rientjes/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm, proc: report PR_SET_THP_DISABLE in proc


David_S_Miller/
=============
   1  [PATCH] perf: Set PLT entry/header sizes properly on Sparc.
   1  Re: [PATCH] ptp: fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf: Add Sparc annotate support.
   1  Re: [PATCH] net: qla3xxx: Remove overflowing shift statement
   1  Re: [PATCH] net: mscc: ocelot: Fix comment in
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] virtio_net: avoid using netif_tx_disable() for
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] net: fix warning in af_unix
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] net: skbuff.h: Mark expected switch
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] net: ena: fix unintended sign extension
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v5] net/ncsi: Add NCSI Broadcom OEM command
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v3 0/2] fix signedness bug and memory leak in
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] net-next/hinic: add checksum offload and TSO


Dennis_Zhou/
=============
   1  Re: [BUG] ext4/block null pointer crashes in linux-next


Dmitry_Osipenko/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mfd: tps6586x: Handle interrupts on suspend
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] i2c: tegra: Remove suspend-resume
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/5] dt-bindings: cpufreq: Add binding for NVIDIA


Dmitry_Torokhov/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/5] device property: Introducing software nodes


Felipe_Balbi/
=============
   1  Re: omap5: dwc3 interface status in /sys


Fenghua_Yu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] selftests/resctrl: Add resctrl selftest


Finn_Thain/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: ips: fix missing break in switch
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/6] esp_scsi: De-duplicate PIO routines


Frank_Rowand/
=============
   2  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH v3 1/3] code-of-conduct: Fix the


Geert_Uytterhoeven/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] spi: pxa2xx: fix PCI dependency
   1  Re: [PATCH] ata: add Buddha PATA controller driver


Gerd_Hoffmann/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 7/8] drm/virtio: move virtio_gpu_object_{attach, detach}
   1  [PATCH v3] virtio-gpu: add VIRTIO_GPU_F_EDID feature
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] drm/bochs: add edid support.
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/8] drm/virtio: track created object state


Gilad_Ben-Yossef/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] crypto: ccree: add SM3 support


Gonglei/
=============
   1  RE: [RFC PATCH v1 1/4] VFIO KABI for migration interface


Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4.14 000/109] 4.14.77-stable review
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/7] tty: Remove trailing whitespace
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] [GIT PULL] tracing: Two fixes for 4.19
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] IDA/IDR fixes for 4.19
   1  Re: Linux 4.9.134
   1  Re: Linux 4.18.15
   1  Re: Linux 4.14.77
   1  Linux 4.9.134
   1  Linux 4.18.15
   1  Linux 4.14.77
   1  LICENSES: Remove CC-BY-SA-4.0 license text


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 4/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Make sure data is ready after
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Return -ENODATA for two alarms
   1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 18
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 8/8] watchdog: stpmic1: add stpmic1 watchdog driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] hwmon: (isl68137) add accessors to enable/disable AVS
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] hwmon: (core) Inherit power properties to hdev
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] hwmon: (pmbus): Add driver for Intersil ISL68137


Halil_Pasic/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] vfio: ccw: Register mediated device once all
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] vfio: ccw: Merge BUSY and BOXED states


Hans_Verkuil/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] media: add SECO cec driver


Hans_de_Goede/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/5] dt-bindings: add more optional properties for
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86: baytrail/cherrytrail: Rework and move P-Unit


Huacai_Chen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] cacheinfo: Keep the old value if of_property_read_u32 fails


Hyper-V-linux-driver-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH V2 5/5] Tools: hv: kvp: Fix a warning of buffer overflow with gcc 8.0.1
   1  [PATCH V2 4/5] Drivers: hv: kvp: Use %u to print U32
   1  [PATCH V2 2/5] hv_utils: update name in struct hv_driver util_drv
   1  [PATCH V2 1/5] Drivers: hv: vmbus: Get rid of unnecessary state in hv_context
   1  [PATCH V2 0/5] Drivers: hv: Miscellaneous fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 5/5] Tools: hv: kvp: Fix a warning of buffer overflow
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 3/4] vmbus: add per-channel sysfs info
   1  RE: [PATCH V2 5/5] Tools: hv: kvp: Fix a warning of buffer overflow
   1  RE: [PATCH V2 3/4] vmbus: add per-channel sysfs info


INTEL_MANAGEMENT_ENGINE_Tomas_Winkler/
=============
   1  [PATCH] tpm: tpm_i2c_nuvoton: use correct command duration for TPM 2.x
   1  [PATCH] tpm: fix kdoc for tpm2_flush_context_cmd()
   1  Re: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() refactor error flow.
   1  Re: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() ignore value of go_to_idle()
   1  RE: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() refactor error flow.
   1  RE: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() ignore value of go_to_idle()


Icenowy_Zheng/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 4/9] dt-bindings: Add ANX6345 DP/eDP transmitter binding
   1  [PATCH v2] clk: sunxi-ng: enable so-said LDOs for A64 SoC's pll-mipi clock
   1  [PATCH 9/9] [DO NOT MERGE] drm/sun4i: rgb: Add 5% tolerance to dot clock frequency check
   1  [PATCH 8/9] arm64: allwinner: a64: enable ANX6345 bridge on TERES-I
   1  [PATCH 7/9] arm64: allwinner: a64: enable ANX6345 bridge on Pinebook
   1  [PATCH 6/9] arm64: allwinner: a64: add pinmux for RGB666 LCD
   1  [PATCH 5/9] drm/bridge: Add Analogix anx6345 support
   1  [PATCH 4/9] dt-bindings: Add ANX6345 DP/eDP transmitter binding
   1  [PATCH 3/9] drm/bridge: extract some Analogix I2C DP common code
   1  [PATCH 2/9] drm/bridge: split some definitions of ANX78xx to dedicated headers
   1  [PATCH 1/9] drm/bridge: move ANA78xx driver to analogix subdirectory
   1  [PATCH 0/9] Analogix ANX6345 RGB-(e)DP bridge support
   1  Re: [PATCH 9/9] [DO NOT MERGE] drm/sun4i: rgb: Add 5% tolerance to


Ingo_Molnar/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/7] Introduce thermal pressure
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] Renames variable to fix shadow warning.
   1  Re: [GIT PULL 00/11] perf/urgent fixes


Jacopo_Mondi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] media: add SECO cec driver


James_E_J_Bottomley/
=============
   2  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH v3 1/3] code-of-conduct: Fix the


Jan_Kara/
=============
   1  Re: statx(2) API and documentation
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/3] mm: introduce put_user_page*(), placeholder


Jani_Nikula/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] kernel-doc: fix declaration type determination


Jarkko_Nikula/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86: baytrail/cherrytrail: Rework and move P-Unit


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() refactor error flow.
   1  Re: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() ignore value of go_to_idle()
   1  Re: [PATCH v14 19/19] x86/sgx: Driver documentation


Jason_A_Donenfeld/
=============
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH net-next v8 04/28] zinc: ChaCha20 generic C
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 28/28] net: WireGuard secure network tunnel
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 27/28] security/keys: rewrite big_key crypto to use Zinc
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 26/28] crypto: port ChaCha20 to Zinc
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 25/28] crypto: port Poly1305 to Zinc
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 24/28] zinc: Curve25519 ARM implementation
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 23/28] zinc: import Bernstein and Schwabe's Curve25519 ARM implementation
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 22/28] zinc: Curve25519 x86_64 implementation
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 21/28] zinc: Curve25519 generic C implementations and selftest
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 20/28] zinc: BLAKE2s x86_64 implementation
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 19/28] zinc: BLAKE2s generic C implementation and selftest
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 18/28] zinc: ChaCha20Poly1305 construction and selftest
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 17/28] zinc: Poly1305 MIPS32r2 and MIPS64 implementations
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 16/28] zinc: import Andy Polyakov's Poly1305 MIPS64 implementation
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 15/28] zinc: Poly1305 ARM and ARM64 implementations
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 14/28] zinc: import Andy Polyakov's Poly1305 ARM and ARM64 implementations
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 13/28] zinc: Poly1305 x86_64 implementation
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 12/28] zinc: import Andy Polyakov's Poly1305 x86_64 implementation
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 11/28] zinc: Poly1305 generic C implementations and selftest
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 10/28] zinc: ChaCha20 MIPS32r2 implementation
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 09/28] zinc: ChaCha20 ARM and ARM64 implementations
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 08/28] zinc: port Andy Polyakov's ChaCha20 ARM and ARM64 implementations
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 07/28] zinc: import Andy Polyakov's ChaCha20 ARM and ARM64 implementations
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 06/28] zinc: ChaCha20 x86_64 implementation
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 05/28] zinc: import Andy Polyakov's ChaCha20 x86_64 implementation
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 03/28] zinc: introduce minimal cryptography library
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 02/28] asm: simd context helper API
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 01/28] ARM: makefile: use ARMv3M mode for RiscPC
   1  [PATCH net-next v8 00/28] WireGuard: Secure Network Tunnel


Jason_Wang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next V2 6/8] vhost: packed ring support


Jeff_Kirsher/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] ixgbe: fix XFRM_ALGO dependency


Jessica_Yu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/4] arm64: implement live patching


John_Stultz/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: ion: Rework ion_map_dma_buf() to minimize re-mapping


Jon_Hunter/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mfd: tps6586x: Handle interrupts on suspend
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 9/9] ASoC: tegra_sgtl5000: fix platform name vs.
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] i2c: tegra: Remove suspend-resume
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/5] dt-bindings: cpufreq: Add binding for NVIDIA
   1  Re: [PATCH 4.14 000/109] 4.14.77-stable review


Josh_Poimboeuf/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v13 05/12] livepatch: Refuse to unload only livepatches
   2  Re: [PATCH v13 02/12] livepatch: Helper macros to define livepatch
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 12/12] selftests/livepatch: introduce tests
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 09/12] livepatch: Remove Nop structures when unused
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 07/12] livepatch: Use lists to manage patches,
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 06/12] livepatch: Simplify API by removing
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 04/12] livepatch: Consolidate klp_free functions
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 00/12] livepatch: Atomic replace feature
   1  Re: [PATCH v12 06/12] livepatch: Simplify API by removing


Josh_Triplett/
=============
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH] code-of-conduct: Remove explicit list


KDUMP_Baoquan_He/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v9 3/8] x86/boot: Add efi_get_rsdp_addr() to dig out RSDP
   2  Re: [PATCH v9 2/8] x86/boot: Copy kstrtoull() to compressed period
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 8/8] x86/boot/KASLR: Limit kaslr to choosing the
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 7/8] x86/boot/KASLR: Walk srat tables to filter
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 1/8] x86/boot: Introduce cmdline_find_option_arg()to
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 0/8] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
   3  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the kselftest tree with the kvm tree
   3  Re: [PATCH v6 06/13] KVM: nVMX: optimize prepare_vmcs02{,_full} for
   1  Re: [PATCH] KVM/x86: Use 32bit xor to clear registers in svm.c
   1  Re: [PATCH V6 3/5] target-i386: add rtc 0x70 port as coalesced_pio
   1  Re: [PATCH V6 1/5] target/i386 : add coalesced pio support
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kvm: don't redefine flags as something else
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] migration: introduce lockless multithreads model


Keerthy/
=============
   1  [RFC PATCH] i2c: busses: omap: Add the master_xfer_irqless hook


Kees_Cook/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] docs: Introduce deprecated APIs list
   1  [RFC] pstore: allocate compression during late_initcall
   1  [PATCH] pstore: Refactor compression initialization
   1  [PATCH] pstore/ram: Clarify resource reservation labels
   1  [PATCH v2] docs: Introduce deprecated APIs list
   1  Re: [PATCH] pstore: Refactor compression initialization
   1  Re: [PATCH] pstore/ram: Clarify resource reservation labels
   1  Re: [PATCH] crypto: inside-secure: safexcel - fix memory allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 1/6] seccomp: add a return code to trap to userspace
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 3/5] seccomp: add a way to get a listener fd from ptrace
   1  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs


Kirti_Wankhede/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 2/4] Add migration functions for VFIO devices
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 1/4] VFIO KABI for migration interface
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 0/4] Add migration support for VFIO device
   1  Re: [Qemu-devel] [RFC PATCH v1 1/4] VFIO KABI for migration interface


Konrad_Rzeszutek_Wilk/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] drivers/vfio: Fix an 8-byte alignment issue


Kuppuswamy_Sathyanarayanan/
=============
   1  [PATCH v1 1/1] usb: dwc3: Fix NULL pointer exception in dwc3_pci_remove()


LEAKING_ADDRESSES_Tycho_Andersen/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v7 1/6] seccomp: add a return code to trap to userspace


LKMM_Andrea_Parri/
=============
   1  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the kselftest tree with the kvm tree
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] fscache: Fix race in fscache_op_complete() due to


Lars-Peter_Clausen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] staging: iio: ad7816: Switch to the gpio descriptor


Laurent_Pinchart/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 9/9] [DO NOT MERGE] drm/sun4i: rgb: Add 5% tolerance to dot clock frequency check
   2  Re: [PATCH 4/9] dt-bindings: Add ANX6345 DP/eDP transmitter binding
   1  Re: [PATCH] media: uvcvideo: Add boottime clock support
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] usb: gadget: add functions to signal udc driver to delay status stage
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/9] drm/bridge: move ANA78xx driver to analogix subdirectory
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] media: docs-rst: Document memory-to-memory video decoder interface
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/6] usb: gadget: add mechanism to asynchronously validate data stage of ctrl out request


Logan_Gunthorpe/
=============
   1  [PATCH] PCI/P2PDMA: Fix NULL check in pci_p2pmem_publish()


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no
   1  [RFC PATCH] cgroup, netclassid: add a preemption point to write_classid
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v3 1/6] mm: Use mm_zero_struct_page from SPARC on all
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm, proc: report PR_SET_THP_DISABLE in proc
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm: Convert mem_cgroup_id::ref to refcount_t type
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/3] Randomize free memory
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] drm/i915: Mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable


Marc_Zyngier/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 3/4] irqchip/mbigen: add support for a MBIGEN generating
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 0/2] rename function name and enable 32bit vcpu events


Marcel_Holtmann/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] Bluetooth: hci_qca: Add support for controller debug
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] Bluetooth: hci_qca: Add support for controller debug
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/4] nfc: pn532_uart: Add NXP PN532 to devicetree docs
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver


Marek_Szyprowski/
=============
   1  [PATCH v4 6/6] arm64: platform: Add enable Exynos Multi-Core Timer
   1  [PATCH v4 5/6] arm64: dts: exynos: Move arch-timer node to right
   1  [PATCH v4 4/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Add arch_timer cooperation
   1  [PATCH v4 3/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Refactor resources
   1  [PATCH v4 2/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Fix error path in timer
   1  [PATCH v4 1/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Remove dead code
   1  [PATCH v4 0/6] Proper arch timer support for Exynos5433-based
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Refactor resources


Mark_Brown/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 9/9] ASoC: tegra_sgtl5000: fix platform name vs.
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH] code-of-conduct: Remove explicit list


Mark_Rutland/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH]  arm64/pvpanic-mmio : add pvpanic mmio device
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] nds32: Add document for NDS32 PMU.
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/5] nds32: Fix perf multiple events map to same counter.
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] nds32: Fix bug in bitfield.h
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] nds32: Perf porting


Martin_K_Petersen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: ufs: Schedule clk gating work on correct queue
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: ips: fix missing break in switch
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/6] mac_esp, zorro_esp, esp_scsi: Various improvements
   1  Re: [PATCH -next] advansys: remove set but not used variable 'srb_tag' in adv_isr_callback


Masahiro_Yamada/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] isdn: hfc_{pci,sx}: Avoid empty body if statements and
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] dt-bindings: uniphier: move cache-uniphier.txt to


Masami_Hiramatsu/
=============
   2  Re: perf's handling of unfindable user symbols...
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] selftests: ftrace: Add synthetic event syntax testcase
   1  [PATCH v2 0/3] tracing: Fix synthetic event parser
   1  [PATCH 3/3] selftests: ftrace: Add synthetic event syntax testcase
   1  [PATCH 1/3] tracing: Fix synthetic event to accept unsigned modifier
   1  [PATCH 0/3] tracing: Fix synthetic event parser
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] x86: ptrace.h: Make regs_get_kernel_stack_nth() not
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] tracing: Fix synthetic event to accept unsigned


Mathieu_Desnoyers/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 06/16] cpu_opv: Provide cpu_opv system call


Maxime_Ripard_/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 9/9] [DO NOT MERGE] drm/sun4i: rgb: Add 5% tolerance to


Mika_Westerberg/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] thunderbolt: Fix a missing-check bug


Mike_Kravetz/
=============
   1  [PATCH] hugetlbfs: dirty pages as they are added to pagecache


Miklos_Szeredi/
=============
   4  Re: statx(2) API and documentation
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/3] uapi: get rid of STATX_ALL
   1  statx(2) API and documentation
   1  Re: possible deadlock in ovl_copy_up_start


Nadav_Amit/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/5] x86: introduce preemption disable prefix
   1  [RFC PATCH 5/5] x86: relpoline: disabling interface
   1  [RFC PATCH 4/5] x86: learning and patching indirect branch targets
   1  [RFC PATCH 3/5] x86: interface for accessing indirect branch locations
   1  [RFC PATCH 2/5] x86: patch indirect branch promotion
   1  [RFC PATCH 1/5] x86: introduce preemption disable prefix
   1  [RFC PATCH 0/5] x86: dynamic indirect call promotion


Naoya_Horiguchi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm/thp: Correctly differentiate between mapped THP and


Nicolin_Chen/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 4/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Make sure data is ready after
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Return -ENODATA for two alarms
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] hwmon: (core) Inherit power properties to hdev


P0_linux-kernel/
=============
   9  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle
   3  Re: l1tf: Kernel suggests I throw away third of my memory. I'd rather
   3  Re: [PATCH 0/7] selftests/resctrl: Add resctrl selftest
   2  Re: [RFC][PATCH] perf: Rewrite core context handling
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/5] x86: introduce preemption disable prefix
   2  Re: [PATCH] pstore: Refactor compression initialization
   2  Re: [PATCH] [sound/i2c/cs8427] Fix int to char conversion
   2  RE: [PATCH 0/7] selftests/resctrl: Add resctrl selftest
   2  Bruce Perens, inconsistent statements regarding Copyright, GPL, Open
   1  [SPAM] Re: [RFC][PATCH] perf: Rewrite core context handling
   1  [RFC: sound/i2c/cs8427] clang warns about cast to signed char
   1  [Patch v3 13/13] x86/speculation: Create PRCTL interface to restrict indirect branch speculation
   1  [Patch v3 12/13] x86/speculation: Protect non-dumpable processes against Spectre v2 attack
   1  [Patch v3 11/13] x86/speculation: Add Spectre v2 lite app to app protection mode
   1  [Patch v3 10/13] x86/speculation: Add per thread STIBP flag
   1  [Patch v3 09/13] x86/speculation: Reorganize SPEC_CTRL MSR update
   1  [Patch v3 08/13] x86/speculation: Rename SSBD update functions
   1  [Patch v3 07/13] x86/process Add arch_set_dumpable
   1  [Patch v3 06/13] mm: Pass task instead of task->mm as argument to set_dumpable
   1  [Patch v3 05/13] x86/smt: Create cpu_smt_enabled static key for SMT specific code
   1  [Patch v3 04/13] x86/speculation: Disable STIBP when enhanced IBRS is in use
   1  [Patch v3 03/13] x86/speculation: Add static key for Enhanced IBRS
   1  [Patch v3 02/13] x86/speculation: Remove unnecessary ret variable in cpu_show_common
   1  [Patch v3 01/13] x86/speculation: Clean up spectre_v2_parse_cmdline
   1  [Patch v3 00/13] Provide process property based options to enable Spectre v2 userspace-userspace protection
   1  [POC 12/12] fs/dcache.c: use rai_bucket_shift for dentry hashtable
   1  [POC 11/12] x86-64: implement _rai_bucket_shift
   1  [POC 10/12] hack: /proc/rai: add rai_bucket_shift use
   1  [POC 09/12] fs/inode.c: access inode_cachep via rai_load
   1  [POC 08/12] fs/dcache.c: access dentry_cache via rai_load
   1  [POC 07/12] x86-64: rai: implement _rai_load
   1  [POC 06/12] ugly ugly hack
   1  [POC 05/12] x86-64: initial ro-after-init patching support
   1  [POC 04/12] vmlinux.lds.h: handle various rai sections
   1  [POC 03/12] arch/Kconfig: add ARCH_HAS_RAI symbol
   1  [POC 02/12] init/main.c: call update_rai_access()
   1  [POC 01/12] Accessing __ro_after_init variables as immediates
   1  [PATCH] tools: Add 'firmware' category and add ihex2fw tool
   1  [PATCH] softirq: modify comments about PF_MEMALLOC in __do_softirq
   1  [PATCH] proc: use ns_capable instead of capable for timerslack_ns
   1  [PATCH] genirq: Fix race on spurious interrupt detection
   1  [PATCH] firmware: coreboot: Fix a missing-check bug
   1  [PATCH] clocksource: imx-gpt: add support for ARM64
   1  [PATCH] [sound/i2c/cs8427] Fix int to char conversion
   1  [PATCH char-misc 1/1] x86/hyperv: Fix PIT shutdown quirk
   1  [PATCH 3/3] nds32: Add unaligned access in kernel space.
   1  [PATCH 3/3] crypto: ccree: add SM3 support
   1  [PATCH 2/3] nds32: Add 'HAVE_EFFICIENT_UNALIGNED_ACCESS' config
   1  [PATCH 2/3] crypto: ccree:  modify set_cipher_mode usage from cc_hash
   1  [PATCH 1/3] nds32: Fix instruction simulator bug for unaligned access handler.
   1  [PATCH 1/3] crypto: ccree: adjust hash length to suit certain context specifics
   1  [PATCH 1/1] nds32: Fix gcc 8.0 compiler option incompatible.
   1  [PATCH 1/1] Perf: Compile failed when compile with libelf.
   1  [PATCH 0/3] nds32: Unaligned access handler fix
   1  [PATCH 0/3] crypto: ccree: add SM3 support
   1  [PATCH 0/1] nds32: Fix gcc 8.0 compiler option incompatible.
   1  [PATCH 0/1] Perf: Compile failed when compile with libelf.
   1  Re: [RFC: sound/i2c/cs8427] clang warns about cast to signed char
   1  Re: [Patch v3 13/13] x86/speculation: Create PRCTL interface to
   1  Re: [PATCH] softirq: modify comments about PF_MEMALLOC in __do_softirq
   1  Re: [PATCH] regulator: stpmic1: Return REGULATOR_MODE_INVALID for
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf: Set PLT entry/header sizes properly on Sparc.
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 3/5] seccomp: add a way to get a listener fd from ptrace
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] x86: ptrace.h: Make regs_get_kernel_stack_nth() not
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86/mm/pat: Disable preemption around
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] locking/qspinlock_stat: Count instances of nested
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] drivers: tty: Fix kernel-docs comments
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH v3 1/3] code-of-conduct: Fix the
   1  Re: What happens before or in `schedule_preempt_disabled()`?
   1  Re: Fate of ihex2fw tool


P1_devicetree/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: ufs: Fix the compatible string definition
   1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx: Add dummy PHYs for HSIC-only USB controllers
   1  [PATCH v2 2/4] nfc: pn532_uart: Add NXP PN532 to devicetree docs
   1  [PATCH v2 10/10] soc: ti: am6: Enable interrupt controller drivers
   1  [PATCH v2 09/10] irqchip: ti-sci-inta: Add support for Interrupt Aggregator driver
   1  [PATCH v2 08/10] dt-bindings: irqchip: Introduce TISCI Interrupt Aggregator bindings
   1  [PATCH v2 07/10] irqchip: ti-sci-intr: Add support for Interrupt Router driver
   1  [PATCH v2 06/10] dt-bindings: irqchip: Introduce TISCI Interrupt router bindings
   1  [PATCH v2 05/10] firmware: ti_sci: Add helper apis to manage resources
   1  [PATCH v2 04/10] firmware: ti_sci: Add RM mapping table for am654
   1  [PATCH v2 03/10] firmware: ti_sci: Add support for IRQ management
   1  [PATCH v2 02/10] firmware: ti_sci: Add support for RM core ops
   1  [PATCH v2 01/10] firmware: ti_sci: Add support to get TISCI handle using of_phandle
   1  [PATCH v2 00/10] Add support for TISCI irqchip drivers
   1  [PATCH 5/5] nds32: Add document for NDS32 PMU.
   1  [PATCH 4/5] nds32: Fix perf multiple events map to same counter.
   1  [PATCH 3/5] nds32: Add perf call-graph support.
   1  [PATCH 2/5] nds32: Fix bug in bitfield.h
   1  [PATCH 1/5] nds32: Perf porting
   1  [PATCH 0/5] nds32: Perf support
   1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: phy-qcom-qmp: Fix several mistakes from


P1_kvm/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH 03/11] x86/fpu: make __raw_xsave_addr() use feature
   4  Re: Avoid unneccessary %dr6 accesses in nested VM setups
   2  Re: [Qemu-devel] [PATCH v2 2/2] virtio-pmem: Add virtio pmem driver
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] drivers/vfio: Fix a redundant copy bug
   1  vmx_nested_free_vmcs02
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the kvm-arm tree with the kvm tree
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the kvm tree with Linus' tree
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the kselftest tree with the kvm tree
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V6 2/5] target-i386 : add coalesced_pio API
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 0/5] target/i386: introduce coalesced pio
   1  [PATCH] x86/fpu: Make get_xsave_field_ptr() and get_xsave_addr() use
   1  [PATCH] drivers/vfio: Fix an 8-byte alignment issue
   1  [PATCH v4] drivers/vfio: Fix a redundant copy bug
   1  [PATCH V6 5/5]  target-i386: add q35 0xcf8 port as coalesced_pio
   1  [PATCH V6 4/5]  target-i386: add i440fx 0xcf8 port as coalesced_pio
   1  [PATCH V6 3/5]  target-i386: add rtc 0x70 port as coalesced_pio
   1  [PATCH V6 1/5]  target/i386 : add coalesced pio support
   1  [PATCH 3/3] kvm: don't redefine flags as something else
   1  Re: [Qemu-devel] [RFC PATCH v1 1/4] VFIO KABI for migration interface
   1  Re: [Qemu-devel] [PATCH 1/4] ptr_ring: port ptr_ring from linux
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 06/13] KVM: nVMX: optimize prepare_vmcs02{,_full} for Enlightened VMCS case
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 06/13] KVM: nVMX: optimize prepare_vmcs02{,_full} for
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] virtio-gpu: add VIRTIO_GPU_F_EDID feature
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] migration: introduce lockless multithreads model
   1  RE: [RFC PATCH v1 0/4] Add migration support for VFIO device


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   5  Re: [RFC v4 PATCH 2/5] mm/__free_one_page: skip merge for order-0
   3  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no
   3  Re: [PATCH 5/5] mm/memory-hotplug: Rework
   2  Re: [RFC v4 PATCH 3/5] mm/rmqueue_bulk: alloc without touching
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] mm/memory_hotplug: Create add/del_device_memory


P1_netdev/
=============
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH v2] net-next/hinic: add checksum offload and
   1  [SPAM] KMSAN: kernel-infoleak in _copy_to_iter (3)
   1  [PATCH] net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
   1  [PATCH] net: ethernet: fec: Add missing SPEED_
   1  [PATCH] isdn: hfc_{pci,sx}: Avoid empty body if statements and use proper register accessors
   1  [PATCH v2] isdn: hfc_{pci,sx}: Avoid empty body if statements
   1  Re: netconsole warning in 4.19.0-rc7
   1  Re: [PATCH] isdn: hfc_{pci,sx}: Avoid empty body if statements and


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
   1  [PATCH 11/11] perf tools: Stop fallbacking to kallsyms for vdso symbols lookup
   1  [PATCH 10/11] perf tools: Pass build flags to traceevent build
   1  [PATCH 09/11] perf report: Don't crash on invalid inline debug information
   1  [PATCH 08/11] perf cpu_map: Align cpu map synthesized events properly.
   1  [PATCH 07/11] perf tools: Fix tracing_path_mount proper path
   1  [PATCH 06/11] perf tools: Fix use of alternatives to find JDIR
   1  [PATCH 05/11] perf evsel: Store ids for events with their own cpus perf_event__synthesize_event_update_cpus
   1  [PATCH 04/11] perf vendor events intel: Fix wrong filter_band* values for uncore events
   1  [PATCH 03/11] Revert "perf tools: Fix PMU term format max value calculation"
   1  [PATCH 02/11] tools headers uapi: Sync kvm.h copy
   1  [PATCH 01/11] tools arch uapi: Sync the x86 kvm.h copy
   1  [GIT PULL 00/11] perf/urgent fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] Perf: Compile failed when compile with libelf.


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH RFC] doc: rcu: remove obsolete (non-)requirement about


Pavel_Machek/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 03/27] x86/fpu/xstate: Introduce XSAVES system states
   1  Re: [PATCH v14 19/19] x86/sgx: Driver documentation


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC][PATCH] perf: Rewrite core context handling
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/5] x86: introduce preemption disable prefix
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86/mm/pat: Disable preemption around
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] locking/qspinlock_stat: Count instances of nested
   1  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle


Petr_Mladek/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 09/12] livepatch: Remove Nop structures when unused
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 07/12] livepatch: Use lists to manage patches,
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 06/12] livepatch: Simplify API by removing
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 05/12] livepatch: Refuse to unload only livepatches
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 04/12] livepatch: Consolidate klp_free functions
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 02/12] livepatch: Helper macros to define livepatch
   1  Re: [PATCH v12 06/12] livepatch: Simplify API by removing


Philipp_Zabel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] ASoC: max98927: Add reset-gpio support


Rafael_J_Wysocki/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86: baytrail/cherrytrail: Rework and move P-Unit PMIC bus semaphore code


Rob_Herring/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] dt-bindings: uniphier: move cache-uniphier.txt to
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/5] dt-bindings: add more optional properties for
   1  [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: Add Kishon as maintainer of PHY bindings
   1  Re: [RFC v1 26/31] arch: um: added stubs for mock iomem for KUnit
   1  Re: [RFC v1 00/31] kunit: Introducing KUnit, the Linux kernel unit
   1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: ufs: Fix the compatible string definition
   1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: phy-qcom-qmp: Fix several mistakes from
   1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: Add OLPC vendor prefix
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/3] dt-bindings: thermal: Add binding document for SR
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 07/10] dt-bindings: phy: add binding for Allwinner USB3 PHY
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 01/11] dt-bindings: spi/spi-pxa2xx: add PXA2xx SSP SPI
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 18/21] dt-bindings: csky CPU Bindings
   1  Re: [PATCH V15 1/2] scsi: ufs: set the device reference clock setting
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/15] dt-bindings: olpc_battery: Add XO-1.5 battery
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: cpufreq: Introduce QCOM CPUFREQ
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: clock: add description of 74aup1g157gw
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/11] dt-bindings: spi/spi-pxa2xx: Add spi-slave property
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/15] dt-bindings: olpc,xo1.75-ec: Add OLPC XO-1.75 EC


Roger_Quadros/
=============
   1  Re: omap5: dwc3 interface status in /sys


Russell_King/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm: kernel: add support for detecting armv8 cpu cache


Samuel_Mendoza-Jonas/
=============
   1  [PATCH net-next 6/6] net/ncsi: Configure multi-package, multi-channel modes with failover
   1  [PATCH net-next 5/6] net/ncsi: Reset channel state in ncsi_start_dev()
   1  [PATCH net-next 4/6] net/ncsi: Don't mark configured channels inactive
   1  [PATCH net-next 3/6] net/ncsi: Don't deselect package in suspend if active
   1  [PATCH net-next 2/6] net/ncsi: Probe single packages to avoid conflict
   1  [PATCH net-next 1/6] net/ncsi: Don't enable all channels when HWA available
   1  [PATCH net-next 0/6] net/ncsi: Allow enabling multiple packages & channels


Shuah_Khan/
=============
   1  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the kselftest tree with the kvm tree
   1  Re: [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Use colored output when available
   1  Re: [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Strip escape sequences for log file


Simon_Horman/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 29/36] dt-bindings: arm: Convert Renesas board/soc
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/36] dt-bindings: arm: renesas: Move 'renesas,prr'


Stanimir_Varbanov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v11 1/5] venus: firmware: add routine to reset ARM9


Stefan_Popa/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: iio: adc: Add docs for ad7124
   1  [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: iio: adc: Add docs for AD7606 ADC
   1  [PATCH 1/2] staging: iio: ad7606: Move out of staging
   1  [PATCH 1/2] iio: adc: Add ad7124 support


Stefan_Wahren/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] staging: vc04_services: Some dead code removal


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: ufs: Schedule clk gating work on correct queue
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: mmp2: fix the clock id for sdh2_clk and sdh3_clk
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 5/5] clk: imx: add clock driver for i.MX8MQ CCM
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 4/5] clk: imx: add imx composite clock
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 3/5] clk: imx: add SCCG PLL type
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 2/5] clk: imx: add fractional PLL output clock
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 1/5] dt-bindings: add binding for i.MX8MQ CCM
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 15/22] clk: at91: move DT compatibility code to its own file
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 14/22] clk: at91: add at91sam9rl PMC driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 13/22] clk: at91: add at91sam9x5 PMCs driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 12/22] clk: at91: add at91sam9260 PMC driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 11/22] clk: at91: add sama5d2 PMC driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 10/22] clk: at91: add sama5d4 pmc driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 09/22] clk: at91: add new DT lookup function
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 08/22] dt-bindings: clk: at91: Document new PMC binding
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 07/22] clk: at91: add pmc_data struct and helpers
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 06/22] clk: at91: allow clock registration from C code
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 05/22] clk: at91: generated: set audio_pll_allowed in
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 04/22] clk: at91: audio-pll: separate registration from DT
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 03/22] clk: at91: h32mx: separate registration from DT parsing
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 02/22] clk: at91: generated: SSCs don't have a gclk
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 01/22] clk: at91: audio-pll: fix audio pmc type
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 00/22] clk: at91: Rework DT bindings
   1  Re: [PATCH v11 5/5] clk: imx: add clock driver for i.MX8MQ CCM
   1  Re: [PATCH v11 4/5] clk: imx: add imx composite clock
   1  Re: [PATCH v11 1/5] dt-bindings: add binding for i.MX8MQ CCM
   1  Re: [PATCH V12 00/14] Krait clocks + Krait CPUfreq
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/7] clk: imx6q: add mmdc0 ipg clock
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/7] clk: imx6sl: add mmdc ipg clocks
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/7] clk: imx6sll: add mmdc1 ipg clock
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] clk: mvebu: ap806: Fix clock name for the cluster
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/7] clk: imx6sx: add mmdc1 ipg clock
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/6] clk: mvebu: add CPU clock driver for Armada 7K/8K
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/7] clk: imx6ul: add mmdc1 ipg clock
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/6] clk: mvebu: add helper file for Armada AP and CP clocks


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
   2  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs
   1  [PATCH] x86: ptrace.h: Add regs_get_kernel_stack_nth_safe() function
   1  [PATCH v2] x86: ptrace.h: Make regs_get_kernel_stack_nth() not
   1  [PATCH 1/2] tracepoint: Fix tracepoint array element size mismatch
   1  [PATCH 0/2] [GIT PULL] tracing: Two fixes for 4.19
   1  Re: rcu: Kernel stack is corrupted in: perf_trace_rcu_dyntick
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH] x86: ptrace: Add function argument access API
   1  Re: [PATCH] tracing: Export trace_dump_stack to modules
   1  Re: [PATCH] softirq: modify comments about PF_MEMALLOC in
   1  Re: [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Use colored output when available
   1  Re: [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Strip escape sequences for log file
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] x86: ptrace.h: Make regs_get_kernel_stack_nth() not


Sudeep_Dutt/
=============
   1  Re: rdma-core doesn't install driver.h, broke libibscif


Sudeep_Holla/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] cacheinfo: Keep the old value if of_property_read_u32
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm: kernel: add support for detecting armv8 cpu cache


Suganath_Prabu_Subramani/
=============
   1  Re: [v5 3/4] mpt3sas:Fix driver modifying persistent data.


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no eligible
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no


Tejun_Heo/
=============
   1  Re: Cgroup v2 thread mode oddity: "domain invalid" cgroup with


Theodore_Tso/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ext4: direct return when jinode allocate failed
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] crypto: qce: ice: Add support for Inline Crypto


Thierry_Reding/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v5 1/9] pwm: extend PWM framework with PWM modes


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
   1  Re: [Patch v3 13/13] x86/speculation: Create PRCTL interface to
   1  Re: [Patch v3 12/13] x86/speculation: Protect non-dumpable processes
   1  Re: [Patch v3 11/13] x86/speculation: Add Spectre v2 lite app to
   1  Re: [Patch v3 10/13] x86/speculation: Add per thread STIBP flag
   1  Re: [Patch v3 09/13] x86/speculation: Reorganize SPEC_CTRL MSR
   1  Re: [Patch v3 08/13] x86/speculation: Rename SSBD update functions
   1  Re: [Patch v3 07/13] x86/process Add arch_set_dumpable
   1  Re: [Patch v3 06/13] mm: Pass task instead of task->mm as argument
   1  Re: [Patch v3 05/13] x86/smt: Create cpu_smt_enabled static key for
   1  Re: [Patch v3 04/13] x86/speculation: Disable STIBP when enhanced
   1  Re: [Patch v3 03/13] x86/speculation: Add static key for Enhanced
   1  Re: [Patch v3 02/13] x86/speculation: Remove unnecessary ret variable
   1  Re: [Patch v3 01/13] x86/speculation: Clean up
   1  Re: [PATCH v12 03/12] perf/x86/intel/pt: Introduce a new function
   1  Re: [PATCH v12 02/12] perf/x86/intel/pt: Change pt_cap_get() to a
   1  Re: [PATCH v12 01/12] perf/x86/intel/pt: Move Intel-PT MSRs bit
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] x86/mcelog: Remove one mce_helper definition
   1  Re: What happens before or in `schedule_preempt_disabled()`?


Tobin_C_Harding/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/7] tty: Remove trailing whitespace


VFS_Alexander_Viro/
=============
   1  Re: in_compat_syscall() returns from kernel thread for X86_32.
   1  Re: [PATCH] hfs: fix array out of bounds read of array extent
   1  Re: [PATCH] fs: ufs: Remove switch statement from ufs_set_de_type
   1  Re: Question about mmap syscall and POSIX standard on mips arch


Vinod_Koul/
=============
   1  Re: [[PATCH] 8/9] DMA-UART-Driver-for-AST2500
   1  Re: [PATCH] Input: pm8941-pwrkey - Add pms405 pwrkey support


Wolfram_Sang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: mail to Baoyou Xie bounces, so remove
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] i2c: designware: Cleanup bus lock handling
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] i2c: designware: Cleanup bus lock handling


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v5 03/27] x86/fpu/xstate: Introduce XSAVES system states
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 5/6] arm64: zynqmp: Add DDRC node
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 4/6] edac: synopsys: Add EDAC ECC support for ZynqMP
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS


dmaengine/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3] add support for Mediatek Command-Queue DMA controller on MT6765 SoC
   1  [PATCH 2/2] dmaengine: mediatek: Add MediaTek Command-Queue DMA controller for MT6765 SoC
   1  [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: dmaengine: Add MediaTek Command-Queue DMA controller bindings
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] dmaengine: mediatek: Add MediaTek Command-Queue DMA


dri-devel/
=============
   1  kmemleak in nvkm_iccsense_oneinit
   1  [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: Add entry for VKMS
   1  [PATCH v3 2/2] drm/exynos: decon: Make pixel blend mode
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] drm/exynos: decon: Make plane alpha configurable
   1  [PATCH v3 0/2] drm/exynos: decon: Add properties
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] drm/exynos: decon: Make pixel blend mode
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] drm/exynos: decon: Make plane alpha configurable
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] drm/exynos: decon: Add properties
   1  [FOR CI] drm/drm_vblank: Change EINVAL by the correct errno
   1  Re: [PATCH] kthread: finer-grained lockdep/cross-release completion
   1  Re: [PATCH 9/9] [DO NOT MERGE] drm/sun4i: rgb: Add 5% tolerance to
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/9] arm64: allwinner: a64: enable ANX6345 bridge on Pinebook


embeddedor_com/
=============
   1  [PATCH] RDMA/hns: Use 64-bit arithmetic instead of 32-bit
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] phy: ocelot-serdes: fix out-of-bounds read
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] dt-bindings: phy: Update SERDES_MAX to be SERDES_MAX
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] phy: ocelot-serdes: fix out-of-bounds read
   1  Re: [PATCH] RDMA/hns: Use 64-bit arithmetic instead of 32-bit


fs_notify_Amir_Goldstein/
=============
   2  Re: possible deadlock in ovl_copy_up_start
   1  Re: statx(2) API and documentation
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] uapi: get rid of STATX_ALL


intel-gfx/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] drm/i915: Mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable


kbuild-all/
=============
   1  [SPAM] net/netfilter/xt_TEE.c:48: undefined reference to
   1  Re: [kbuild-all] [PATCH RT] rt: convert mm/kasan/quarantine_lock to


kernel-janitors/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] mfd: ab8500-core: Return zero in


kgdb-bugreport/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] kdb: Use strscpy with destination buffer size


kvm-arm/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] serial: set suppress_bind_attrs flag only if builtin
   1  [PATCH] arm: kernel: add support for detecting armv8 cpu cache information
   1  [PATCH] ARM: prevent tracing IPI_CPU_BACKTRACE
   1  [PATCH] ARM: OMAP2+: prm44xx: Fix section annotation on omap44xx_prm_enable_io_wakeup
   1  [PATCH] ARM: OMAP2+: hwmod: Fix some section annotations
   1  [PATCH v3 7/7] ARM: tegra: apalis_t30: further regulator clean-up
   1  [PATCH v3 6/7] ARM: tegra: colibri_t30: further regulator clean-up
   1  [PATCH v3 5/7] ARM: tegra: apalis_t30/tk1: annotate power I2C being on-module
   1  [PATCH v3 4/7] ARM: tegra: apalis-tk1: further regulator clean-up
   1  [PATCH v3 3/7] ARM: tegra: colibri_t20: reorder pmic properties
   1  [PATCH v3 2/7] ARM: tegra: apalis-tk1/colibri_t20/t30: eval/iris: fix regulator gpio enable
   1  [PATCH v3 1/7] ARM: tegra: fix simple-panel compatibles
   1  [PATCH v3 0/7] ARM: dts: tegra: last minute fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH] KVM: arm64: Safety check PSTATE when entering guest and
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 9/9] ASoC: tegra_sgtl5000: fix platform name vs.


kvm-ppc/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH kernel 3/3] vfio_pci: Add NVIDIA GV100GL [Tesla V100 SXM2]


linux-acpi/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v9 3/8] x86/boot: Add efi_get_rsdp_addr() to dig out RSDP
   2  Re: [PATCH v9 2/8] x86/boot: Copy kstrtoull() to compressed period
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86: baytrail/cherrytrail: Rework and move P-Unit
   2  RE: [PATCH v4 4/4] perf/smmuv3_pmu: Enable HiSilicon Erratum
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH v4 2/4] perf: add arm64 smmuv3 pmu driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 7/8] x86/boot/KASLR: Walk srat tables to filter
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 6/8] x86/boot: Dig out SRAT table from RSDP and find
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 1/8] x86/boot: Introduce cmdline_find_option_arg()to
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 0/8] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 4/4] perf/smmuv3_pmu: Enable HiSilicon Erratum
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/4] perf: add arm64 smmuv3 pmu driver
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 2/4] perf: add arm64 smmuv3 pmu driver


linux-amlogic/
=============
   1  [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver
   1  [PATCH v5 2/3] clk: meson: add DT documentation for emmc clock controller
   1  [PATCH v5 2/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add support for Amlogic NAND flash controller
   1  [PATCH v5 1/3] clk: meson: add emmc sub clock phase delay driver
   1  [PATCH v5 1/2] dt-bindings: nand: meson: add Amlogic NAND controller driver
   1  [PATCH v5 0/3] clk: meson: add a sub EMMC clock controller support
   1  [PATCH v5 0/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add Amlogic NAND driver support


linux-arch/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 03/27] x86/fpu/xstate: Introduce XSAVES system states
   2  Re: [PATCH V9 21/21] csky: support dword access for get_user_size()
   2  Re: [PATCH V9 18/21] dt-bindings: csky CPU Bindings
   2  Re: [PATCH V9 00/21] C-SKY(csky) Linux Kernel Port
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 0/8] arm64: untag user pointers passed to the kernel
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 15/21] csky: Debug and Ptrace GDB
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 13/21] csky: Library functions
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 12/21] csky: ELF and module probe
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 11/21] csky: Atomic operations
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 10/21] csky: IRQ handling
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 08/21] csky: Process management and Signal
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 07/21] csky: MMU and page table management
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 05/21] csky: System Call


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 3/4] irqchip/mbigen: add support for a MBIGEN generating
   1  [PATCH] misc: atmel-ssc: Fix section annotation on atmel_ssc_get_driver_data
   1  [PATCH] mfd: db8500-prcmu: Fix some section annotations
   1  [GIT PULL] sprd dts for kernel v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [PATCH] misc: atmel-ssc: Fix section annotation on
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] irqchip/gic-v3: Loudly complain about the use of IRQ_TYPE_NONE


linux-atm-general/
=============
   1  [PATCH] atm: zatm: Fix empty body Clang warnings
   1  [PATCH] atm: eni: Move semicolon to a new line after empty for loop


linux-can/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/3] M_CAN Framework rework


linux-clk/
=============
   1  [PATCH] clk: imx7d: remove UART1 clock setting
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 4/5] clk: imx: add imx composite clock
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: clock: add description of 74aup1g157gw


linux-crypto/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 3/3] crypto: qce: ice: Add support for
   1  [PATCH] powerpc/8xx: Add DT node for using the SEC engine of the
   1  [PATCH 3/3] crypto: ccree: add SM3 support
   1  [PATCH 2/3] crypto: ccree:  modify set_cipher_mode usage from cc_hash
   1  [PATCH 1/3] crypto: ccree: adjust hash length to suit certain context specifics
   1  [PATCH 0/3] crypto: ccree: add SM3 support
   1  Re: [PATCH] crypto: inside-secure: safexcel - fix memory allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] crypto: qce: ice: Add support for Inline Crypto


linux-doc/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] docs: Introduce deprecated APIs list
   2  Re: [PATCH RFC] doc: rcu: remove obsolete (non-)requirement about
   1  [PATCH] kernel-doc: fix declaration type determination


linux-edac/
=============
   1  [tip:ras/core] x86/mcelog: Remove one mce_helper definition
   1  [PATCH 2/3] x86/mcelog: Remove one mce_helper definition
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] x86/mcelog: Remove one mce_helper definition


linux-ext4/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ext4: direct return when jinode allocate failed


linux-fsdevel/
=============
   5  Re: statx(2) API and documentation
   3  Re: [PATCH] hfs: fix array out of bounds read of array extent
   2  Re: [PATCH 31/34] vfs: syscall: Add fspick() to select a superblock
   1  [PATCH v3 2/2] selftests/memfd: Add tests for F_SEAL_FS_WRITE seal
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] mm: Add an F_SEAL_FUTURE_WRITE seal to memfd
   1  [PATCH 3/3] statx: add STATX_ATTRIBUTES flag
   1  [PATCH 2/3] uapi: get rid of STATX_ALL
   1  [PATCH 1/3] orangefs: fix request_mask misuse
   1  [PATCH 1/1] fs: cap max_files at LONG_MAX
   1  [PATCH 0/1] fs: cap max_files at LONG_MAX
   1  Re: possible deadlock in aio_poll
   1  Re: [PATCH] fs: ufs: Remove switch statement from ufs_set_de_type
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/2] selftests/memfd: Add tests for F_SEAL_FS_WRITE seal
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] mm: Add an F_SEAL_FS_WRITE seal to memfd
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] mm: introduce page->dma_pinned_flags, _count
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] uapi: get rid of STATX_ALL
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/34] teach move_mount(2) to work with OPEN_TREE_CLONE


linux-gpio/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 1/2] gpio: gpio-mmio: Allow volatile
   1  [PATCH 2/2] pinctrl: pinctrl-npcm7xx: Set BGPIOF_VOLATILE_REG
   1  [PATCH 1/2] gpio: gpio-mmio: Allow volatile shadow regs
   1  [PATCH 0/2] Allow gpio-mmio to co-exist with pinctrl driver
   1  Re: [RFC 1/4] pwm: sifive: Add DT documentation for SiFive PWM
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] pinctrl: mediatek: Add initial pinctrl driver for
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] arm64: dts: mediatek: mt6797: Add pinctrl support


linux-hwmon/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 2/2] dt-bindings: hwmon: Add adm127x documentation
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] hwmon: (adm1275): Allow setting shunt reg value
   1  [PATCH 2/2] hwmon: (isl68137) add accessors to enable/disable AVS mode
   1  [PATCH 1/2] hwmon: (pmbus): Add driver for Intersil ISL68137
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] hwmon: (core) Inherit power properties to hdev


linux-ide/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ata: add Buddha PATA controller driver


linux-iio/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] staging: iio: ad7816: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  [PATCH v2] Staging iio: adc: Match parenthesis alignment
   1  Re: [PATCH] media: uvcvideo: Add boottime clock support
   1  Re: [PATCH] Staging iio/adc: fixes parenthesis alignment
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/3] iio: magnetometer: Add driver support for PNI
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: iio: adc: Add docs for AD7606 ADC
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] staging: iio: ad7606: Move out of staging


linux-input/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/5] dt-bindings: add more optional properties for


linux-kbuild/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/4] Renames variable to fix shadow warning.
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS
   1  [PATCH 0/3] Let sparse check for shadowed variables
   1  Re: [Lkcamp] [PATCH 4/4] Changes macro usage to avoid shadowing a variable.
   1  Re: [Lkcamp] [PATCH 3/4] kbuild: Removes unnecessary shadowed local
   1  Re: [Lkcamp] [PATCH 2/4] Renames variable to fix shadow warning.
   1  Re: [Lkcamp] [PATCH 1/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS


linux-kselftest/
=============
   2  RE: [RFC v1 06/31] arch: um: enabled running kunit from User Mode
   1  [PATCH bpf-next]  selftests/bpf: fix file resource leak
   1  Re: [RFC v1 22/31] kunit: mock: add the concept of spyable functions
   1  Re: [RFC v1 00/31] kunit: Introducing KUnit, the Linux kernel unit
   1  RE: [RFC v1 00/31] kunit: Introducing KUnit, the Linux kernel unit


linux-leds/
=============
   1  [PATCH] leds: gpio: set led_dat->gpiod pointer for OF defined GPIO leds


linux-media/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 2/2] seco-cec: add Consumer-IR support
   1  [PATCH v3 0/2] Add SECO Boards CEC device driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] media: docs-rst: Document memory-to-memory video


linux-mediatek/
=============
   1  [PATCH] PCI: mediatek: Use devm_of_pci_get_host_bridge_resources() to parse DT
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 2/9] PCI: Using PCI configuration space header type
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 0/9] PCI: mediatek: fixup find_port, enable_msi and


linux-mips/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] MIPS: Ci20: Enable SND_JZ4740_SOC driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] MIPS: jz4780: Allow access to jz4740-i2s
   1  Re: Bug report: MIPS CI20/jz4740-mmc DMA and PREEMPT_NONE


linux-next/
=============
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the scsi-mkp tree with Linus' tree
   1  linux-next: build warning after merge of the clk tree
   1  linux-next: Tree for Oct 18
   1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 18 (cpufreq: intel_pstate)


linux-omap/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mfd: twl-core: Fix section annotations on {,un}protect_pm_master
   1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: omap3-gta04: Fix comment block
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH net-next 0/4] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: fix vlan mcast


linux-pci/
=============
   1  Re: [v5 2/4] mpt3sas: Fix Sync cache command failure during driver unload
   1  Re: [v5 1/4] mpt3sas: Separate out mpt3sas_wait_for_ioc_to_operational
   1  Re: [PATCH] PCI/P2PDMA: Fix NULL check in pci_p2pmem_publish()


linux-pm/
=============
   6  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/7] Introduce thermal pressure
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] sched/cpufreq: Reorganize the cpufreq files
   1  Re: [driver-core PATCH v4 3/6] device core: Consolidate locking and
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] kernel/hung_task.c: disable on suspend
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 0/7] AXP8x3 AC and battery power supply support
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] cpufreq: qcom-hw: Add support for QCOM cpufreq HW driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: cpufreq: Introduce QCOM CPUFREQ Firmware


linux-rdma/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] RDMA/ucma: Fix Spectre v1 vulnerability


linux-s390/
=============
   1  [PATCH v1 2/2] vfio: ccw: Register mediated device once all structures are initialized
   1  [PATCH v1 1/2] vfio: ccw: Merge BUSY and BOXED states
   1  [PATCH v1 0/2] vfio: ccw: VFIO CCW cleanup part1
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] vfio: ccw: Merge BUSY and BOXED states


linux-scsi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: ufs: Schedule clk gating work on correct queue


linux-security-module/
=============
   1  [RFC PATCH] smack: fix access permissions for keyring


linux-serial/
=============
   2  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs
   1  [RFC] pstore: allocate compression during late_initcall


linux-sgx/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v14 19/19] x86/sgx: Driver documentation


linux-soc/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH] soc: qcom: rmtfs_mem: Control remoteproc from
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: add UFS controller
   1  [PATCH 2/2] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add UFS nodes for sdm845-mtp
   1  [PATCH 1/2] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: add UFS controller
   1  [PATCH 0/2] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add UFS DT nodes
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2] soc: qcom: rmtfs_mem: Control remoteproc from
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add UFS nodes for sdm845-mtp


linux-sparse/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/3] kbuild: Add -Wshadow to sparse
   1  [PATCH 1/3] kbuild: Add -Wshadow to sparse


linux-tegra/
=============
   1  [PATCH v1 3/3] ASoC: soc-core: fix platform name vs. of_node assignement
   1  [PATCH v1 2/3] ASoC: soc-core: fix trivial checkpatch issues
   1  [PATCH v1 1/3] ASoC: tegra_sgtl5000: fix device_node refcounting
   1  [PATCH v1 0/3] ASoC: last minute fixes


linux-tip-commits/
=============
   1  in_compat_syscall() returns from kernel thread for X86_32.
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/fpu: Remove second definition of fpu in
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/fpu: Fix i486 + no387 boot crash by only
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/entry/64: Further improve paranoid_entry
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/entry/32: Clear the CS high bits
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] tools headers uapi: Sync kvm.h copy
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] tools arch uapi: Sync the x86 kvm.h copy
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf vendor events intel: Fix wrong filter_band*
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf tools: Stop fallbacking to kallsyms for vdso
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf tools: Pass build flags to traceevent build
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf tools: Fix use of alternatives to find JDIR
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf tools: Fix tracing_path_mount proper path
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf report: Don't crash on invalid inline debug
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf evsel: Store ids for events with their own
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf cpu_map: Align cpu map synthesized events
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] Revert "perf tools: Fix PMU term format max value
   1  [SPAM] Re: in_compat_syscall() returns from kernel thread
   1  Re: in_compat_syscall() returns from kernel thread for X86_32.


linux-unionfs/
=============
   1  possible deadlock in ovl_copy_up_start


linux-usb/
=============
   1  [PATCH] USB: Wait for extra delay time after USB_PORT_FEAT_RESET for quirky hub


linux-watchdog/
=============
   1  [PATCH v4 8/8] watchdog: stpmic1: add stpmic1 watchdog driver
   1  [PATCH v4 7/8] dt-bindings: watchdog: document stpmic1 pmic watchdog
   1  [PATCH v4 6/8] input: stpmic1: add stpmic1 onkey driver
   1  [PATCH v4 5/8] dt-bindings: input: document stpmic1 pmic onkey
   1  [PATCH v4 4/8] regulator: stpmic1: add stpmic1 regulator driver
   1  [PATCH v4 3/8] dt-bindings: regulator: document stpmic1 pmic
   1  [PATCH v4 2/8] mfd: stpmic1: add stpmic1 driver
   1  [PATCH v4 1/8] dt-bindings: mfd: document stpmic1
   1  [PATCH v4 0/8] Introduce STPMIC1 PMIC Driver


linux-wireless/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 4/4] nfc: pn532_uart: Make use of pn532 autopoll
   1  [PATCH v2 3/4] nfc: pn533: Add autopoll capability
   1  [PATCH v2 1/4] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver


linuxppc-dev/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] powerpc: Add missing include <asm/stacktrace.h>
   1  [PATCH] powerpc: Add missing include <asm/stacktrace.h>
   1  [PATCH] powerpc/uaccess: fix warning/error with access_ok()
   1  [PATCH] powerpc/mm: remove unused variable
   1  [PATCH] powerpc/8xx: add missing header in 8xx_mmu.c
   1  [PATCH v2] powerpc/uaccess: fix warning/error with access_ok()
   1  Re: [PATCH] powerpc/uaccess: fix warning/error with access_ok()


mm-commits/
=============
   1  Question about mmap syscall and POSIX standard on mips arch


osuosl-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/7] staging: vc04_services: Some dead code removal
   1  [PATCH] staging: ks7010: remove unnecessary blank line
   1  [PATCH] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio delay
   1  [PATCH v2 7/7] staging: bcm2835-audio: update TODO
   1  [PATCH v2 6/7] staging: bcm2835-audio: rename platform_driver structure
   1  [PATCH v2 5/7] staging: bcm2835-audio: more generic probe function name
   1  [PATCH v2 4/7] staging: bcm2835-audio: use anonymous union in struct vc_audio_msg
   1  [PATCH v2 3/7] staging: bcm2835-audio: reorder variable declarations & remove trivial comments
   1  [PATCH v2 2/7] staging: bcm2835-audio: don't initialize memory twice
   1  [PATCH v2 1/7] staging: bcm2835-audio: unify FOURCC command definitions
   1  [PATCH v2 0/7] staging: bcm2835-audio: Cleanups and upgrades
   1  [PATCH 3/3] staging: emxx_udc: Added missing le16_to_cpu conversions
   1  [PATCH 2/3] staging: emxx_udc: Added missing __iomem modifier to handle p_regs
   1  [PATCH 1/3] staging: emxx_udc: Added static modifier to udc_controller
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio delay
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] ANDROID: binder: Add BINDER_GET_NODE_INFO_FOR_REF ioctl.


sparclinux/
=============
   2  Re: [mm PATCH v3 1/6] mm: Use mm_zero_struct_page from SPARC on all
   1  [mm PATCH v4 6/6] mm: Use common iterator for deferred_init_pages
   1  [mm PATCH v4 5/6] mm: Add reserved flag setting to set_page_links
   1  [mm PATCH v4 4/6] mm: Move hot-plug specific memory init into
   1  [mm PATCH v4 3/6] mm: Use memblock/zone specific iterator for
   1  [mm PATCH v4 2/6] mm: Drop meminit_pfn_in_nid as it is redundant
   1  [mm PATCH v4 1/6] mm: Use mm_zero_struct_page from SPARC on all 64b
   1  [mm PATCH v4 0/6] Deferred page init improvements
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v3 3/6] mm: Use memblock/zone specific iterator for


virtualization/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 7/8] drm/virtio: move virtio_gpu_object_{attach, detach} calls.
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] virtio_net: avoid using netif_tx_disable() for
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] drm/bochs: add edid support.
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/8] drm/virtio: track created object state


x86_Andy_Lutomirski/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] Renames variable to fix shadow warning.


