
Adrian_Hunter/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: sdhci: use goto rather than return directly


Alan_Stern/
=============
   1  Re: WARNING in usb_submit_urb (3)


Alan_Tull/
=============
   2  [PATCH 0/4] fpga: add managed create functions
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes
   1  [PATCH 4/4] docs: fpga: document programming fpgas using regions
   1  [PATCH 3/4] fpga: add devm_fpga_region_create
   1  [PATCH 2/4] fpga: bridge: add devm_fpga_bridge_create
   1  [PATCH 1/4] fpga: mgr: add devm_fpga_mgr_create
   1  Re: [PATCH] of: overlay: user space synchronization
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/4] docs: fpga: document programming fpgas using regions
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 09/18] of: overlay: validate overlay properties


Alexander_Shishkin/
=============
   1  [PATCH] lib: Fix ia64 bootloader linkage


Alexandre_Belloni/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 22/22] ARM: dts: at91: at91sam9rl: switch to new clock bindings
   1  [PATCH v2 21/22] ARM: dts: at91: at91sam9x5: switch to new clock bindings
   1  [PATCH v2 20/22] ARM: dts: at91: at91sam9263: switch to new clock bindings
   1  [PATCH v2 19/22] ARM: dts: at91: at91sam9261: switch to new clock bindings
   1  [PATCH v2 18/22] ARM: dts: at91: at91sam9260: switch to new clock bindings
   1  [PATCH v2 17/22] ARM: dts: at91: sama5d2: switch to new binding
   1  [PATCH v2 16/22] ARM: dts: at91: sama5d4: switch to new clock bindings
   1  [PATCH v2 15/22] clk: at91: move DT compatibility code to its own file
   1  [PATCH v2 14/22] clk: at91: add at91sam9rl PMC driver
   1  [PATCH v2 13/22] clk: at91: add at91sam9x5 PMCs driver
   1  [PATCH v2 12/22] clk: at91: add at91sam9260 PMC driver
   1  [PATCH v2 11/22] clk: at91: add sama5d2 PMC driver
   1  [PATCH v2 10/22] clk: at91: add sama5d4 pmc driver
   1  [PATCH v2 09/22] clk: at91: add new DT lookup function
   1  [PATCH v2 08/22] dt-bindings: clk: at91: Document new PMC binding
   1  [PATCH v2 07/22] clk: at91: add pmc_data struct and helpers
   1  [PATCH v2 06/22] clk: at91: allow clock registration from C code
   1  [PATCH v2 05/22] clk: at91: generated: set audio_pll_allowed in at91_clk_register_generated()
   1  [PATCH v2 04/22] clk: at91: audio-pll: separate registration from DT parsing
   1  [PATCH v2 03/22] clk: at91: h32mx: separate registration from DT parsing
   1  [PATCH v2 02/22] clk: at91: generated: SSCs don't have a gclk
   1  [PATCH v2 01/22] clk: at91: audio-pll: fix audio pmc type
   1  [PATCH v2 00/22] clk: at91: Rework DT bindings
   1  [PATCH RESEND] usb: gadget: udc: atmel: handle at91sam9rl PMC
   1  Re: [PATCH] rtc: tegra: Propagate errors from platform_get_irq()
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] rtc: m41t80: mark expected switch fall-through


Amit_Shah/
=============
   1  Re: [Qemu-devel] virtio-console downgrade the virtio-pci-blk


Andrew_Morton/
=============
   1  mmotm 2018-10-16-16-46 uploaded
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm/kasan: make quarantine_lock a raw_spinlock_t
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm: thp:  relax __GFP_THISNODE for MADV_HUGEPAGE


Andrzej_Hajda/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/3] driver core: add probe_err log helper
   1  [PATCH 3/3] drivers: use probe_err function in obvious cases
   1  [PATCH 2/3] driver core: add deferring probe reason to
   1  [PATCH 1/3] driver core: add probe_err log helper
   1  [PATCH 0/3] driver core: add probe error check helper


Andy_Shevchenko/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 3/5] drivers: base: Introducing software nodes to the
   1  Re: [PATCH] lib: Fix ia64 bootloader linkage


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
   1  [PATCH net-next] ixgbe: fix XFRM_ALGO dependency


Bartlomiej_Zolnierkiewicz/
=============
   1  [PATCH] xen: remove redundant 'default n' from Kconfig
   1  [PATCH] x86: remove redundant 'default n' from Kconfig-s
   1  [PATCH] m68k: remove redundant 'default n' from Kconfig
   1  [PATCH] c6x: remove redundant 'default n' from Kconfig-s
   1  [PATCH] PCI: pcie: remove redundant 'default n' from Kconfig


Benjamin_Gaignard/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/8] drm: sti: don't pass GFP_DMA32 to dma_alloc_wc


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP
   1  Re: [PATCH] mtd: rawnand: denali: include <linux/bits.h> instead of
   1  Re: [PATCH] jffs2: free jffs2_sb_info through jffs2_kill_sb()


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
   1  staging: MAINTAINERS: remove obsolete IPX staging directory
   1  Re: patch "staging: MAINTAINERS: remove obsolete IPX staging
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: add nrf24 driver


Catalin_Marinas/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/3] arm64: cpufeature: Fix handling of CTR_EL0


Chanwoo_Choi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/6] clocksource: Change CPU hotplug priority of
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Fix error path in timer
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Remove dead code


Chao_Yu/
=============
   1  Re: [f2fs-dev] [PATCH] f2fs: clear cold data flag if IO is not
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: erofs: add the missing __init tags
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] f2fs: cleanup dirty pages if recover failed
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] f2fs: update REQ_TIME in f2fs_cross_rename()


Charles_Keepax/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ASoC: wm8904: fix spelling mistake "Inveting" ->


Chen-Yu_Tsai/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 7/7] mfd: axp20x: Add supported cells for AXP803
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 6/7] mfd: axp20x: Add AC power supply cell for AXP813
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 4/7] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: sopine: enable power supplies
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/7] arm64: dts: allwinner: axp803: add AC and battery
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/7] ARM: dts: axp81x: add AC power supply subnode
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/7] dt-bindings: power: supply: axp20x: add AXP813 AC


Christoph_Lameter/
=============
   3  Re: [patch] mm, slab: avoid high-order slab pages when it does not


Coly_Li/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] bcache: add separate workqueue for journal_write to avoid


Dan_Williams/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/3] mm: Shuffle initial free memory


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 08/14] ARM64: dts: hisilicon: Add tsensor interrupt name
   1  [PATCH] DT: rockchip: Fix stability issues with the 'performance' governor on rock960
   1  Re: [PATCH] thermal: qoriq: add multiple sensors support
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/14] ARM64: dts: hisilicon: Add interrupt names for the


David_Howells/
=============
   1  [PATCH net] rxrpc: Fix a missing rxrpc_put_peer() in the


David_Rientjes/
=============
   1  Re: [patch] mm, slab: avoid high-order slab pages when it does not
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm, proc: report PR_SET_THP_DISABLE in proc
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm: thp:  relax __GFP_THISNODE for MADV_HUGEPAGE


David_S_Miller/
=============
   1  Re: perf's handling of unfindable user symbols...
   1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 15
   1  Re: [PATCH] qed: fix spelling mistake "Ireelevant" -> "Irrelevant"
   1  Re: [PATCH] net: fix waring in af_unix
   1  Re: [PATCH] ethtool: fix a privilege escalation bug
   1  Re: [PATCH] ethtool: fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: [PATCH net] rxrpc: Fix incorrect conditional on IPV6
   1  Re: [PATCH net] rxrpc: Fix an uninitialised variable
   1  Re: [PATCH net] rxrpc: Fix a missing rxrpc_put_peer() in the
   1  Re: [PATCH net] r8169: Enable MSI-X on RTL8106e
   1  Re: [PATCH net] net: bcmgenet: Poll internal PHY for GENETv5
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] rxrpc: Add /proc/net/rxrpc/peers to display
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] octeontx2-af: remove unused
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: use for mcast
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next,v3] hv_netvsc: fix vf serial matching with pci
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw fix mcast packet lost


Dmitry_Torokhov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] input: touchscreen: fix wm97xx-ts exit path
   1  Re: [PATCH] Input: cyapa - mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  Re: [PATCH] Input: atmel_mxt_ts - mark expected switch fall-through
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 6/8] input: stpmic1: add stpmic1 onkey driver


Dong_Aisheng/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 0/4] Port mxs-dcp to imx6ull and imx6sll
   1  RE: [PATCH v2 0/4] Port mxs-dcp to imx6ull and imx6sll


Eric_Anholt/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] staging: vc04_services: Some dead code removal


Eric_Biederman/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   2  Re: [RFC] Allow user namespace inside chroot


Felipe_Balbi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] usb: gadget: storage: Fix Spectre v1 vulnerability


Finn_Thain/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 5/6] esp_scsi: De-duplicate PIO routines
   1  [PATCH v3 6/6] esp_scsi: Optimize PIO loops
   1  [PATCH v3 5/6] esp_scsi: De-duplicate PIO routines
   1  [PATCH v3 4/6] esp_scsi: Eliminate ESP_FLAG_DOING_SLOWCMD
   1  [PATCH v3 3/6] esp_scsi: Grant disconnect privilege for untagged
   1  [PATCH v3 2/6] esp_scsi: Track residual for PIO transfers
   1  [PATCH v3 1/6] zorro_esp: Limit DMA transfers to 65535 bytes
   1  [PATCH v3 0/6] mac_esp, zorro_esp, esp_scsi: Various improvements


Frank_Rowand/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] of: overlay: user space synchronization
   1  [PATCH v2] of: overlay: user space synchronization
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 13/18] of: overlay: check prevents multiple fragments
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 09/18] of: overlay: validate overlay properties
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes


Gilad_Ben-Yossef/
=============
   1  [PATCH 3/3] crypto: ccree: add SM4 support
   1  [PATCH 2/3] crypto: ccree: add dt bindings for ccree 713
   1  [PATCH 1/3] crypto: ccree: add support for CryptoCell 713
   1  [PATCH 0/3] crypto: ccree: add CryptoCell 713 baseline support


Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v3 09/15] platform: goldfish: pipe: Move goldfish_pipe to
   3  Re: [PATCH v3 06/15] platform: goldfish: pipe: Move memory
   3  Re: [PATCH 1/2] sysfs: constify sysfs create/remove files harder
   2  Re: [PATCH] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 07/15] platform: goldfish: pipe: Return status from
   1  staging: MAINTAINERS: remove obsolete IPX staging directory
   1  Re: patch "staging: MAINTAINERS: remove obsolete IPX staging
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v6 3/4] devres: provide devm_kstrdup_const()
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v6 2/4] mm: move is_kernel_rodata() to
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v6 0/4] devres: provide and use
   1  Re: [PATCH] usb: gadget: storage: Fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  Re: [PATCH] slimbus: ngd: QCOM_QMI_HELPERS has to be selected
   1  Re: [PATCH] driver core: device: add BUS_ATTR_WO macro
   1  Re: [PATCH] docs/uio: fix a grammar nitpick
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] driver core: add probe_err log helper
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/4] gsmi: Google specific firmware patches
   1  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
   8  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 15
   1  Re: [PATCH] hwmon: (pmbus) Fix page count auto-detection.
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 3/5] Cleanup ISA string setting


H_Peter_Anvin/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] kvm/x86 : avoid shifting signed 32-bit value by 31 bits


Hans_Verkuil/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] media: docs-rst: Document memory-to-memory video


Heikki_Krogerus/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/5] device property: Introducing software nodes
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 3/5] drivers: base: Introducing software nodes to the


Heiko_Carstens/
=============
   1  Re: [BUG -next 20181008] list corruption with "mm/slub: remove


Heiko_Stuebner/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/rockchip: psr: do not dereference encoder before it is null checked.
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: dts: rv1108-evb: enable eMMC support
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/7] arm64: dts: rockchip: add rk3399 SPI DMAs


Helge_Deller/
=============
   1  [PATCH] extract-vmlinux: Check for uncompressed image as fallback


Hyper-V-linux-driver-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH net-next,v3] hv_netvsc: fix vf serial matching with pci slot info


INTEL_MANAGEMENT_ENGINE_Tomas_Winkler/
=============
   1  [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() refactor error flow.
   1  RE: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() ignore value of go_to_idle()


Ingo_Molnar/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] x86: modify inline asm constraints in __cmpxchg_double()
   1  [PATCH] x86/kaslr, ACPI/NUMA: fix for linux/bootmem.h removal
   1  Re: linux-next: build failure after merge of the akpm tree
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/7] Introduce thermal pressure


Jacek_Anaszewski/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/9] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Remove LM3697


Jaegeuk_Kim/
=============
   1  Re: [f2fs-dev] [PATCH] f2fs: clear cold data flag if IO is not
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] f2fs: update REQ_TIME in f2fs_cross_rename()


James_E_J_Bottomley/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 3/3] code-of-conduct: Add back the TAB as the central
   1  [PATCH v3 2/3] code-of-conduct: Strip the enforcement paragraph
   1  [PATCH v3 1/3] code-of-conduct: Fix the ambiguity about collecting
   1  [PATCH v3 0/3] code of conduct fixes


Jan_Kara/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] mm: introduce page->dma_pinned_flags, _count


Jani_Nikula/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] drm/i915: Silence build error with UBSAN


Janosch_Frank/
=============
   4  Re: [RFC 07/14] s390/mm: Add gmap_idte_global
   2  Re: [RFC 08/14] s390/mm: Make gmap_read_table EDAT1 compatible


Jason_Wang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] virtio_net: enable tx after resuming from suspend


Jens_Axboe/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] block: fix comments about choosing request list


Jerome_Brunet/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] arm64: dts: meson-axg: drop FW reserved memory
   1  [PATCH 0/2] arm64: dts: meson: reserved memory updates
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: meson-gxbb: set fclk_div3 as CLK_IS_CRITICAL


Jiri_Kosina/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/5] Smack: Prepare for PTRACE_MODE_SCHED


John_Garry/
=============
   1  [PATCH] scsi: hisi_sas: Fix spin lock management in slot_index_alloc_quirk_v2_hw()
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf tools: Store ids for events with their own cpus
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] hisi_sas: Misc bugfixes and an optimisation patch


John_Stultz/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] staging: ion: Rework ion_map_dma_buf() to minimize re-mapping


Josh_Poimboeuf/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86/mm: annotate no_context with UNWIND_HINTS
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] objtool: move libelf check out of top Makefile


Juergen_Gross/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86: modify inline asm constraints in __cmpxchg_double()


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 1/5] kvm: x86: Add payload to kvm_queued_exception and
   2  Re: [PATCH] kvm/x86 : avoid shifting signed 32-bit value by 31 bits
   1  Re: [Patch v3 0/3] Introduce a new pte_list_remove()
   1  Re: [PATCH] kvm:x86 :remove necessary recalculate_apic_map
   1  Re: [PATCH] kvm/x86 : fix some typo
   1  Re: [PATCH] KVM: x86: pvec always has more than 1 sp
   1  Re: [PATCH] KVM: x86: fix failure of injecting
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 09/12] x86/kvm/nVMX: allow bare VMXON state migration
   1  Re: [PATCH V5 0/3] introduce coalesced pio support
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] kvm: x86: Introduce KVM_CAP_EXCEPTION_PAYLOAD
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] KVM: refine __gfn_to_pfn_memslot() a little
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1][kvm-unit-test] nVMX x86: Check enable-EPT on vmentry


Kees_Cook/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v4 21/27] x86/cet/shstk: ELF header parsing of Shadow Stack
   1  Re: [RFC 17/17] arm64: compile the kernel with ptrauth -msign-return-address
   1  Re: [PATCH] skbuff: Mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  Re: [PATCH] signal: Mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  Re: [PATCH] compat: Mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 11/17] arm64: docs: document pointer authentication
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/3] mm: Shuffle initial free memory
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] code-of-conduct: Fix the ambiguity about
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] sysctl: cap to ULONG_MAX in proc_get_long()
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/17] ARMv8.3 pointer authentication support
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH v2 2/3] code-of-conduct: Strip the
   1  Re: Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] sysctl: cap to ULONG_MAX in proc_get_long()


Kishon_Vijay_Abraham_I/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] phy: ocelot-serdes: fix out-of-bounds read


Konrad_Rzeszutek_Wilk/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86: enable swiotlb for > 4GiG ram on 32-bit kernels


Krzysztof_Kozlowski/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] ARM: SAMSUNG: limit SAMSUNG_PM_DEBUG config option to
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 6/6] arm64: platform: Add enable Exynos Multi-Core
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/6] arm64: dts: exynos: Move arch-timer node to right place
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Add arch_timer
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/11] DT: arm: exynos: add support for thermal trip irq-mode
   1  Re: [PATCH 08/11] DT: arm: exynos4: add support for thermal trip irq-mode
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/11] DT: arm64: exynos7: add support for thermal trip irq-mode
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/11] DT: arm64: exynos: add support for thermal trip irq-mode


LKMM_Andrea_Parri/
=============
   1  [PATCH] selftests: kvm: Fix -Wformat warnings
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm: Convert mem_cgroup_id::ref to refcount_t type


Lars-Peter_Clausen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: iio: ad7816: Switch to the gpio descriptor


Laurent_Pinchart/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 4/7] mfd: ds90ux9xx: add TI DS90Ux9xx de-/serializer MFD driver
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm: rcar-du: Fix the return value in case of error in 'rcar_du_crtc_set_crc_source()'
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/bridge: analogix_dp: Fix misleading indentation reported by smatch
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] regulator/gpio: Allow nonexclusive GPIO access
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/7] mfd: ds90ux9xx: add I2C bridge/alias and link connection driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/7] dt-bindings: pinctrl: ds90ux9xx: add description of TI DS90Ux9xx pinmux
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/7] dt-bindings: mfd: ds90ux9xx: add description of TI DS90Ux9xx ICs


Linus_Walleij/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input operands list
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/5] device property: Introducing software nodes
   1  Re: [PATCH] pinctrl: uniphier: include <linux/bits.h> instead of <linux/bitops.h>
   1  Re: [PATCH] pinctrl: sunxi: Fix a memory leak in 'sunxi_pinctrl_build_state()'
   1  Re: [PATCH] gpio: uniphier: include <linux/bits.h> instead of <linux/bitops.h>
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] regulator/gpio: Allow nonexclusive GPIO access
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/4] gpio: Clarify kerneldoc on gpiochip_set_chained_irqchip()
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/4] gpio: Remove unused 'irqchip' argument to gpiochip_set_cascaded_irqchip()
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] gpio: Drop parent irq assignment during cascade setup
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/5] Add initial pinctrl support for MT6797 SoC


Logan_Gunthorpe/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 6/6] RISC-V: Implement sparsemem
   1  [PATCH v2 5/6] sh: mm: make use of new memblocks_present() helper
   1  [PATCH v2 4/6] arm64: mm: make use of new memblocks_present() helper
   1  [PATCH v2 3/6] ARM: mm: make use of new memblocks_present() helper
   1  [PATCH v2 2/6] mm/sparse: add common helper to mark all memblocks present
   1  [PATCH v2 1/6] mm: Introduce common STRUCT_PAGE_MAX_SHIFT define
   1  [PATCH v2 0/6] sparsemem support for RISC-V


Lorenzo_Pieralisi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 2/9] PCI: Using PCI configuration space header type


Lubomir_Rintel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/8] OLPC 1.75 Keyboard/Touchpad fixes


Lukasz_Majewski/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: misc: bk4: Add device tree binding for


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH] memcg, oom: throttle dump_header for memcg ooms
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm, proc: report PR_SET_THP_DISABLE in proc
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm: Convert mem_cgroup_id::ref to refcount_t type
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/3] mm: Shuffle initial free memory


Maarten_Lankhorst/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] drm/drm_vblank: Change EINVAL by the correct errno


Marc_Zyngier/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V13 0/4] C-SKY(csky) Linux Intc Driver


Marcel_Holtmann/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2] Bluetooth: hci_qca: Add support for controller debug
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 1/2] Bluetooth: Add device_get_bd_address()


Marcelo_Ricardo_Leitner/
=============
   1  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in sctp_id2assoc


Mark_Brown/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] spi: Make GPIO CSs honour the SPI_NO_CS flag
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/5] clk: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/9] ARM: dts: tegra: last minute fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] driver core: add deferring probe reason to
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] driver core: add probe_err log helper


Martin_K_Petersen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] target: Fix target_wait_for_sess_cmds breakage with active signals
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] hisi_sas: Misc bugfixes and an optimisation patch


Martin_Schwidefsky/
=============
   1  dcache endless loop in d_invalidate
   1  [RFC][PATCH 0/3] pgtable bytes mis-accounting v2
   1  [PATCH 3/3] s390/mm: fix mis-accounting of pgtable_bytes
   1  [PATCH 2/3] mm: add mm_pxd_folded checks to pgtable_bytes accounting functions
   1  [PATCH 1/3] mm: introduce mm_[p4d|pud|pmd]_folded


Masahiro_Yamada/
=============
   1  [PATCH] pinctrl: uniphier: include <linux/bits.h> instead of <linux/bitops.h>
   1  [PATCH] mtd: rawnand: denali: include <linux/bits.h> instead of <linux/bitops.h>
   1  [PATCH] gpio: uniphier: include <linux/bits.h> instead of <linux/bitops.h>
   1  [PATCH 3/3] kbuild: check the presence of lzo and lz4 tools when necessary
   1  [PATCH 2/3] objtool: move libelf check out of top Makefile
   1  [PATCH 1/3] kbuild: provide a new place to check necessary host tools
   1  [PATCH 0/3] kbuild: add scripts/Makefile.toolcheck to check necessary host tools
   1  Re: [PATCH] kbuild: Fail the build early when no lz4 present
   1  Re: [PATCH 8/8] kconfig: remove CONFIG_MCA leftovers
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] objtool: move libelf check out of top Makefile


Masami_Hiramatsu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Add color to the PASS / FAIL results


Mathias_Nyman/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 0/5] Tegra xHCI genpd support


Matthias_Brugger/
=============
   1  [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: mediatek: Update SoC entry
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] pinctrl: mediatek: Add initial pinctrl driver for


Max_Filippov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] xtensa: remove ZONE_DMA


Maxime_Ripard_/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] pinctrl: sunxi: Fix a memory leak in
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 0/2] Neutis N5 support


Michael_Ellerman/
=============
   1  Re: linux-next: qemu boot failures with today's linux-next
   1  Re: [PATCH] signal: Mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  Re: [PATCH] selftests/vm: Add a test for MAP_FIXED_NOREPLACE
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes


Michael_Kerrisk/
=============
   1  Re: Cgroup v2 thread mode oddity: "domain invalid" cgroup with


Miguel_Ojeda_Sandonis/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] compiler.h: update definition of unreachable()


Miklos_Szeredi/
=============
   1  Re: linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commit in the fuse tree


Miroslav_Benes/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v12 06/12] livepatch: Simplify API by removing registration


Moritz_Fischer/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/4] fpga: mgr: add devm_fpga_mgr_create


Neil_Horman/
=============
   1  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in sctp_id2assoc


Nicholas_Piggin/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 5/5] mm: optimise pte dirty/accessed bit setting by demand based pte insertion
   1  [PATCH v2 4/5] mm/cow: optimise pte dirty bit handling in fork
   1  [PATCH v2 3/5] mm/cow: optimise pte accessed bit handling in fork
   1  [PATCH v2 2/5] mm/cow: don't bother write protecting already write-protected huge pages
   1  [PATCH v2 1/5] nios2: update_mmu_cache clear the old entry from the TLB
   1  [PATCH v2 0/5] mm: dirty/accessed pte optimisations
   1  Re: [PATCH] powerpc/traps: restore recoverability of machine_check


Oleg_Nesterov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification


P0_linux-kernel/
=============
  14  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max
   4  Re: [RFC][PATCH] perf: Rewrite core context handling
   4  Re: [PATCH] x86/mm: annotate no_context with UNWIND_HINTS
   3  Re: [RFC] Allow user namespace inside chroot
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 09/15] platform: goldfish: pipe: Move goldfish_pipe to goldfish_pipe_v2
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 06/15] platform: goldfish: pipe: Move memory allocation
   2  Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] sysctl: cap to ULONG_MAX in proc_get_long()
   2  Re: Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] sysctl: cap to ULONG_MAX in proc_get_long()
   2  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH v4] sched/rt : Reduce push_rt_task() retries
   1  [RFC] Allow user namespace inside chroot
   1  [RESEND PATCH 11/14] include: Add lantiq.h in include/linux/
   1  [PATCHv2 01/10] tools lib traceevent: Use LDFLAGS in the build
   1  [PATCH] sched/completions/Documentation: add recommendation for dynamic and ONSTACK completion
   1  [PATCH] perf tools: Fix tracing_path_mount proper path
   1  [PATCH] compiler-gcc: remove comment about gcc 4.5 from unreachable()
   1  [PATCH] block: fix comments about choosing request list
   1  [PATCH v4 13/13] MAINTAINERS: Update the file and documentation names
   1  [PATCH v4 12/13] Documentation/x86: Rename and update
   1  [PATCH v4 11/13] arch/x86: Introduce QOS feature for AMD
   1  [PATCH v4 10/13] arch/x86: Add AMD feature bit X86_FEATURE_MBA in
   1  [PATCH v4 09/13] arch/x86: Introduce new config parameter AMD_QOS
   1  [PATCH v4 08/13] arch/x86: Bring few more functions into the resource
   1  [PATCH v4 07/13] arch/x86: Initialize the resource functions that are
   1  [PATCH v4 06/13] arch/x86: Use new config parameter RESCTRL for
   1  [PATCH v4 05/13] arch/x86: Introduce a new config parameter RESCTRL
   1  [PATCH v4 04/13] arch/x86: Bring all the macros to resctrl.h
   1  [PATCH v4 03/13] arch/x86: Re-arrange RDT init code
   1  [PATCH v4 02/13] arch/x86: Rename the RDT functions and definitions
   1  [PATCH v4 01/13] arch/x86: Start renaming the rdt files to more
   1  [PATCH v4 00/13] arch/x86: AMD QoS support
   1  [PATCH v2] slimbus: ngd: QCOM_QMI_HELPERS has to be selected
   1  [PATCH v2]  sched/dl: Reduce push_dl_task() retries
   1  [PATCH 2/2] locking/pvqspinlock: Extend node size when pvqspinlock is configured
   1  [PATCH 1/2] locking/qspinlock_stat: Count instances of nested lock slowpaths
   1  [PATCH 09/10] tools iio: Override CFLAGS assignments
   1  [PATCH 08/10] tools power turbostat: Override CFLAGS assignments and add LDFLAGS to build command
   1  [PATCH 07/10] tools thermal tmon: Use -O3 instead of -O1 if available
   1  [PATCH 06/10] tools thermal tmon: Override CFLAGS assignments
   1  [PATCH 05/10] tools power x86_energy_perf_policy: Override CFLAGS assignments and add LDFLAGS to build command
   1  [PATCH 04/10] tools cpupower: Override CFLAGS assignments
   1  [PATCH 03/10] tools cpupower debug: Allow to use outside build flags
   1  [PATCH 02/10] tools perf: Pass build flags to traceevent build
   1  [PATCH 01/10] tools lib traceevent: Use LDFLAGS in the build commands
   1  [PATCH 00/10] tools: Various build flags fixes
   1  [LKP] [block] e7fe535797: WARNING:at_lib/kobject.c:#kobject_put
   1  [BETA RELEASE] LTTng Scope 0.4
   1  Re: perf's handling of unfindable user symbols...
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 29/30] softirq: Make softirq processing
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 12/30] rcu: Prepare rcu_read_[un]lock_bh() for
   1  Re: [PATCH] tools/perf: fix use of alternatives to find JDIR
   1  Re: [PATCH] signal: Mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  Re: [PATCH] block: fix comments about choosing request list
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 07/15] platform: goldfish: pipe: Return status from
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/9] ARM: dts: tegra: last minute fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v2 2/2] net: phy: mscc: fix memory leak in
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v2 1/2] net: phy: mscc: fix signedness bug in
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] phy: ocelot-serdes: fix out-of-bounds read
   1  Re: [BUG] perf stat: hangs with -p and process completes
   1  Re: Gang scheduling
   1  Re: Fix 80d20d35af1e ("nohz: Fix local_timer_softirq_pending()") may


P1_devicetree/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: ufs: Fix the compatible string definition
   1  [PATCH V13 4/4] dt-bindings: interrupt-controller: C-SKY APB intc
   1  [PATCH V13 3/4] irqchip: add C-SKY APB bus interrupt controller
   1  [PATCH V13 2/4] dt-bindings: interrupt-controller: C-SKY SMP intc
   1  [PATCH V13 1/4] irqchip: add C-SKY SMP interrupt controller
   1  [PATCH V13 0/4] C-SKY(csky) Linux Intc Driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] of: overlay: user space synchronization
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: phy: Update SERDES_MAX to be SERDES_MAX


P1_kvm/
=============
   3  [PATCH 1/2] KVM: x86: Only clear %dr6 if really neccessary
   3  Re: Avoid unneccessary %dr6 accesses in nested VM setups
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/5] kvm: x86: Add payload to kvm_queued_exception and
   1  [kvm-unit-tests PATCH] x86: svm: Fix incorrect ordering within struct
   1  [SPAM] [kvm:queue 83/85] arch/x86//kvm/vmx.c:12699:8: error:
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH v2] kvm:x86 :remove unnecessary
   1  [PATCH v3 2/2] kvm: x86: Disallow invalid exceptions from userspace
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] kvm: x86: Bounds-check argument to x86_exception_has_error_code
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] kvm: x86: Disallow invalid exceptions from userspace
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] kvm: x86: Bounds-check argument to x86_exception_has_error_code
   1  [PATCH 4/4] migration: use lockless Multithread model for decompression
   1  [PATCH 3/4] migration: use lockless Multithread model for compression
   1  [PATCH 2/4] migration: introduce lockless multithreads model
   1  [PATCH 2/2] KVM/MMU: Always set cr4_pae when shadowing EPT pages
   1  [PATCH 1/4] ptr_ring: port ptr_ring from linux kernel to QEMU
   1  [PATCH 0/4] migration: improve multithreads
   1  [Bug 201373] QEMU/KVM broken in kernel-4.18.8-200.fc28.x86_64
   1  Re: [kvm:queue 83/85] arch/x86//kvm/vmx.c:12699:8: error: expected
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] KVM: remove the writable page for read fault case
   1  Re: [QEMU PATCH v2 0/2]: KVM: i386: Add support for save and restore
   1  Re: [Patch v3 0/3] Introduce a new pte_list_remove()
   1  Re: [PATCH] KVM: x86: pvec always has more than 1 sp
   1  Re: [PATCH] KVM: nVMX: Always reflect #NM VM-exits to L1
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 09/12] x86/kvm/nVMX: allow bare VMXON state migration
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] kvm: x86: Bounds-check argument to
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/8] vfio/mdev: IOMMU aware mediated device
   1  Re: [PATCH v2]  kvm:x86 :remove unnecessary recalculate_apic_map
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] kvm: x86: Bounds-check argument to
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next V2 6/8] vhost: packed ring support
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] kvm: x86: Disallow invalid exceptions from userspace
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] KVM: x86: Return updated timer current count register
   1  Querying the CPU queue mapping of blk-mq device in general and nvme
   1  Fix bug when shadowing EPT page tables
   1  Avoid unneccessary %dr6 accesses in nested VM setups


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] mm: detect numbers of vmstat keys/values mismatch
   2  Re: [PATCH] mm/thp: Correctly differentiate between mapped THP and
   2  Re: [PATCH RFC] ksm: Assist buddy allocator to assemble 1-order pages
   1  [PATCH] mm: detect numbers of vmstat keys/values mismatch
   1  Re: [patch] mm, slab: avoid high-order slab pages when it does not
   1  Re: [patch] mm, page_alloc: set num_movable in move_freepages()
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm: Convert mem_cgroup_id::ref to refcount_t type
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] mm: don't warn about large allocations for slab
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/5] mm/memory_hotplug: Check for IORESOURCE_SYSRAM in
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/4] mm: workingset: add vmstat counter for shadow nodes
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] mm/memory_hotplug: Create add/del_device_memory


P1_netdev/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] net: fix warning in af_unix
   1  [PATCH net-next] net: aquantia: make function aq_fw2x_update_stats static
   1  [PATCH net-next 5/5] net: hns3: fix for multiple unmapping DMA problem
   1  [PATCH net-next 4/5] net: hns3: rename hns_nic_dma_unmap
   1  [PATCH net-next 3/5] net: hns3: add handling for big TX fragment
   1  [PATCH net-next 2/5] net: hns3: move DMA map into hns3_fill_desc
   1  [PATCH net-next 1/5] net: hns3: remove hns3_fill_desc_tso
   1  [PATCH net-next 0/5] Some cleanup and bugfix for desc filling
   1  Re: net/wan: hostess_sv11 + z85230 problems


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] perf tools: Fix tracing_path_mount proper path
   1  Re: [PATCH] tools/perf: fix use of alternatives to find JDIR
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf: Align cpu map events properly.
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf tools: Store ids for events with their own cpus


Pablo_Neira_Ayuso/
=============
   1  Re: linux-next: build failure after merge of the netfilter-next tree


Palmer_Dabbelt/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 3/5] Cleanup ISA string setting
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 0/5] Fix some bugs on RV32 build fail and issue
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/6] sparsemem support for RISC-V
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] RISC-V: Implement sparsemem


Paul_Burton/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/14] serial: langtiq: Add CCF suppport


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH RFC] doc: rcu: remove obsolete (non-)requirement about
   1  Re: [PATCH] rcu: Use cpus_read_lock() while looking at
   1  Re: [PATCH] doc: rcu: Fix code listing in performance and


Paul_Moore/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] SELinux fixes for v4.19 (#1)


Pavel_Machek/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/9] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Remove LM3697
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/8] OLPC 1.75 Keyboard/Touchpad fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH v14 19/19] x86/sgx: Driver documentation
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/6] arm64: dts: xilinx: ultra96: Standardize LED labels


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
   5  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 2/4] printk: move printk_safe macros to printk
   2  Re: [RFC][PATCH] perf: Rewrite core context handling
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 0/4] less deadlock prone serial consoles
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] sched/rt : return accurate release rq lock info
   1  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle


Petr_Mladek/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 2/4] printk: move printk_safe macros to printk
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] printk: Add line-buffered printk() API.


Pierre-Yves_MORDRET/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/7] dmaengine: stm32-dma: Add DMA/MDMA chaining


Rafael_J_Wysocki/
=============
   1  [PATCH] cpufreq: conservative: Take limits changes into account properly
   1  Re: [RFC/RFT/[PATCH] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor for tickless systems
   1  Re: [PATCH] ACPI: remove redundant 'default n' from Kconfig
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] kernel/hung_task.c: disable on suspend
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] cpufreq: dt-platdev: allow RK3399 to have separate tunables per cluster
   1  Re: [PATCH V4] cpufreq: imx6q: read OCOTP through nvmem for imx6ul/imx6ull


Richard_Cochran/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ptp: fix Spectre v1 vulnerability


Richard_Fitzgerald/
=============
   1  [PATCH v13 RESEND 2/2] irqchip: Add driver for Cirrus Logic Madera codecs
   1  [PATCH v13 RESEND 1/2] mfd: madera: Add irqchip data pointer into struct madera
   1  [PATCH v13 RESEND 0/2] irqchip support for Cirrus Logic Madera codecs


Richard_Leitner/
=============
   1  [PATCH 7/7] Input: sx8654 - use common of_touchscreen functions
   1  [PATCH 6/7] Input: sx8654 - add sx8650 support
   1  [PATCH 5/7] dt-bindings: input: touchscreen: sx8654: add sx8650 to comatibles
   1  [PATCH 4/7] Input: sx8654 - add sx8655 and sx8656 to compatibles
   1  [PATCH 3/7] dt-bindings: input: touchscreen: sx8654: add compatible models
   1  [PATCH 2/7] Input: sx8654 - add reset-gpio support
   1  [PATCH 1/7] dt-bindings: input: touchscreen: sx8654: add reset-gpio property
   1  [PATCH 0/7] Input: sx8654 - reset-gpio, sx865[056] support, etc.


Rob_Herring/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 08/14] ARM64: dts: hisilicon: Add tsensor interrupt name
   1  Re: [RESEND] dt-bindings: thermal: samsung: Add SPDX license
   1  Re: [RESEND] dt-bindings: clock: samsung: Add SPDX license
   1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: misc: bk4: Add device tree binding for
   1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: Add bindings for aliases node
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC 1/5] dt-bindings: power: supply: bq24190_charger: add
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: cadence-quadspi: Add new compatible for
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/14] ARM64: dts: hisilicon: Add interrupt names for the
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] dt-bindings: Add Broadcom STB OHCI, EHCI and XHCI
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: pwm: tiecap: Add TI AM654 SoC specific
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: phy: Document cadence Sierra PHY
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/12] dt-bindings: panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/12] dt-bindings: sun6i-dsi: Add compatible for A64


Roger_Quadros/
=============
   1  Re: omap5: dwc3 interface status in /sys


Russell_King/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input
   3  Re: [PATCH 2/2] ARM: copypage: do not use naked functions


Samuel_Mendoza-Jonas/
=============
   1  Re: [Potential Spoof] Re: [PATCH net-next v4] net/ncsi: Add NCSI


Shuah_Khan/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] cpupower update for Linux 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: usbip_vudc: BUG kmalloc-2048 (Not tainted): Poison overwritten
   1  Re: [PATCH] tools/power/cpupower: fix compilation with STATIC=true
   1  Re: [PATCH] selftests: kvm: Fix -Wformat warnings
   1  Re: [PATCH] selftests: fix warning: "_GNU_SOURCE" redefined
   1  Re: [PATCH] kvm: selftests: fix spelling mistake "Insufficent" ->


Srinivas_Kandagatla/
=============
   1  [PATCH] slimbus: ngd: remove unnecessary check
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] slimbus: ngd: QCOM_QMI_HELPERS has to be selected


Srinivas_Pandruvada/
=============
   1  [PATCH v4 3/3] Documentation: intel_pstate: Add base_frequency information
   1  [PATCH v4 2/3] cpufreq: intel_pstate: Add base_frequency attribute
   1  [PATCH v4 1/3] ACPI / CPPC: Add support for guaranteed performance
   1  [PATCH v4 0/3] cpufreq: intel_pstate: Base frequency attribute


Stanimir_Varbanov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] media: venus: add support for selection rectangles


Stefan_Agner/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] ARM: copypage: do not use naked functions
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input operands
   1  [PATCH v2] ARM: error out if compiling ARMv6 using Clang before 8.0
   1  [PATCH 2/2] ARM: copypage: do not use naked functions
   1  [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input operands list


Stefan_Wahren/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/9] ASoC: dt-bindings: bcm2835-rpi: add onboard audio


Steffen_Klassert/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH ipsec-next] xfrm: use complete IPv6 addresses for hash


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 3/5] clk: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic Lochnagar
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/3] treewide: add vibrator support for various MSM SOCs
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] clk/samsung updates for 4.20-rc1
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 5/6] arm64: dts: add QorIQ LX2160A SoC support
   1  RE: [PATCH 2/2] clk: imx: imx7d: remove clks_init_on array


Stephen_Hemminger/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next, v3] hv_netvsc: fix vf serial matching with pci


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
   1  [PATCH] tracing: Use trace_clock_local() for looping in
   1  Re: [PATCH] tracing: Use trace_clock_local() for looping in
   1  Re: [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Add color to the PASS / FAIL results
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] sched/rt : return accurate release rq lock info
   1  Re: [PATCH 01/10] tools lib traceevent: Use LDFLAGS in the build
   1  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs


Sumit_Saxena/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] memcg, oom: throttle dump_header for memcg ooms
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] memcg, oom: throttle =?ISO-2022-JP?B?ZHVtcF9oZWFkZXIgZm9y?=


Tejun_Heo/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 00/11] cpuset: Enable cpuset controller in default


Theodore_Tso/
=============
   2  Re: WARNING in ext4_invalidatepage
   1  Re: [BUG] ext4/block null pointer crashes in linux-next


Thierry_Reding/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC 1/4] pwm: sifive: Add DT documentation for SiFive PWM
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v5 1/9] pwm: extend PWM framework with PWM modes
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v5 0/9] extend PWM framework to support PWM modes
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] pwm-tiecap: Add support for AM654 SoCs


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
   2  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle


Todd_Poynor/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] staging: gasket: Fix sparse "incorrect type in
   1  Re: [PATCH 01/11] staging: gasket: core: debug log updates


Vinod_Koul/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 4/7] dmaengine: stm32-dma: Add DMA/MDMA chaining
   1  Re: [PATCH] dmaengine: owl: Fix warnings generated during build
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/2] dmaengine: uniphier-mdmac: add UniPhier MIO DMAC
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/7] dmaengine: fsldma: Replace DMA_IN/OUT by
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] NULL pointer deref fix for stm32-dma


Viresh_Kumar/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] cpufreq: conservative: Take limits changes into account


Will_Deacon/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/1] iommu/arm-smmu-v3: eliminate a potential memory


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 1/3] x86/boot: Add acpitb.c to parse acpi tables
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 02/27] x86/fpu/xstate: Change names to separate XSAVES


atmel_ecc_Tudor_Ambarus/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP SPI NOR
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP SPI


bcm-kernel-feedback-list/
=============
   1  [PATCH v5 3/3] arm64: dts: stingray: Add Stingray Thermal DT support.
   1  [PATCH v5 2/3] thermal: broadcom: Add Stingray thermal driver
   1  [PATCH v5 1/3] dt-bindings: thermal: Add binding document for SR thermal
   1  [PATCH v5 0/3] Stingray thermal driver support


cgroups/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v13 01/11] cpuset: Enable cpuset controller in default
   2  Re: [PATCH v13 03/11] cpuset: Simply allocation and freeing of
   1  [PATCH v14 12/12] cpuset: Show descriptive text when reading cpuset.sched.partition
   1  [PATCH v14 11/12] cpuset: Expose cpuset.cpus.subpartitions with cgroup_debug
   1  [PATCH v14 10/12] cpuset: Add documentation about the new "cpuset.sched.partition" flag
   1  [PATCH v14 09/12] cpuset: Expose cpus.effective and mems.effective on cgroup v2 root
   1  [PATCH v14 08/12] cpuset: Make generate_sched_domains() work with partition
   1  [PATCH v14 07/12] cpuset: Make CPU hotplug work with partition
   1  [PATCH v14 06/12] cpuset: Track cpusets that use parent's effective_cpus
   1  [PATCH v14 05/12] cpuset: Add an error state to cpuset.sched.partition
   1  [PATCH v14 04/12] cpuset: Add new v2 cpuset.sched.partition flag
   1  [PATCH v14 03/12] cpuset: Simply allocation and freeing of cpumasks
   1  [PATCH v14 02/12] cpuset: Define data structures to support scheduling partition
   1  [PATCH v14 01/12] cpuset: Enable cpuset controller in default hierarchy
   1  [PATCH v14 00/12] Enable cpuset controller in default hierarchy
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 00/11] cpuset: Enable cpuset controller in default


containers/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v6 1/1] ns: add binfmt_misc to the user namespace
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 0/1] ns: introduce binfmt_misc namespace


dri-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] drm/i915: Silence build error with UBSAN
   1  [PATCH v2] drm/drm_vblank: Change EINVAL by the correct errno
   1  [PATCH v2] drm/bridge: analogix_dp: Fix misleading indentation reported by smatch
   1  Re: [linux-sunxi] Re: [PATCH v2 15/29] drm/bridge/synopsys: dw-hdmi: Enable workaround for v2.12a
   1  Re: [Patch v4 5/8] drm/omap: Add global state as a private atomic
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/i915: Silence build error with UBSAN
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/bridge: analogix_dp: Fix misleading indentation
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] drm/drm_vblank: Change EINVAL by the correct errno
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/10] drm/sun4i: Explicitly list and check formats
   1  Re: [PATCH 04/10] drm/sun4i: Explicitly list and check formats


embeddedor_com/
=============
   1  [PATCH] usb: gadget: storage: Fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  [PATCH] scsi: ips: fix missing break in switch
   1  [PATCH] ptp: fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  [PATCH] drm/bufs: Fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  [PATCH] drivers/misc/sgi-gru: fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  [PATCH] RDMA/ucma: Fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  [PATCH] Input: uinput - fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  [PATCH] IB/ucm: Fix Spectre v1 vulnerability


intel-gfx/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] sysfs: constify sysfs create/remove files harder


iommu/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH 1/1] iommu/arm-smmu-v3: eliminate a potential memory
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] iommu/arm-smmu: Workaround for Marvell Armada-AP806


kexec/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/3 v3] add reserved e820 ranges to the kdump kernel e820


keyrings/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] KEYS: trusted: fix -Wvarags warning
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] security/keys/secure_key: Adds the secure key
   1  RE: [PATCH] KEYS: trusted: fix -Wvarags warning


kvm-arm/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 2/2] ARM: copypage: do not use naked functions
   1  [PATCH v2 9/9] ASoC: tegra_sgtl5000: fix platform name vs. of_node assignement
   1  [PATCH v2 8/9] ASoC: tegra_sgtl5000: fix device_node refcounting
   1  [PATCH v2 7/9] ARM: tegra: apalis_t30: further regulator clean-up
   1  [PATCH v2 6/9] ARM: tegra: colibri_t30: further regulator clean-up
   1  [PATCH v2 5/9] ARM: tegra: apalis_t30/tk1: annotate power I2C being on-module
   1  [PATCH v2 4/9] ARM: tegra: apalis-tk1: further regulator clean-up
   1  [PATCH v2 3/9] ARM: tegra: colibri_t20: reorder pmic properties
   1  [PATCH v2 2/9] ARM: tegra: apalis-tk1/colibri_t20/t30: eval/iris: fix regulator gpio enable
   1  [PATCH v2 1/9] ARM: tegra: fix simple-panel compatibles
   1  [PATCH v2 0/9] ARM: dts: tegra: last minute fixes


linux-acpi/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/5] device property: Introducing software nodes
   2  Re: [PATCH v8 1/3] x86/boot: Add acpitb.c to parse acpi tables
   1  [PATCH v4 4/4] perf/smmuv3_pmu: Enable HiSilicon Erratum 162001800 quirk
   1  [PATCH v4 3/4] perf/smmuv3: Add MSI irq support
   1  [PATCH v4 2/4] perf: add arm64 smmuv3 pmu driver
   1  [PATCH v4 1/4] acpi: arm64: add iort support for PMCG
   1  [PATCH v4 0/4] arm64 SMMUv3 PMU driver with IORT support
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 0/3] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr


linux-amlogic/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: meson-gxbb: set fclk_div3 as CLK_IS_CRITICAL


linux-api/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 06/16] cpu_opv: Provide cpu_opv system call


linux-arch/
=============
  12  Re: [PATCH] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  [PATCH v5 5/5] parisc: syscalls: ignore nfsservctl for other architectures
   1  [PATCH v5 4/5] parisc: uapi header and system call table file generation
   1  [PATCH v5 3/5] parisc: add system call table generation support
   1  [PATCH v5 2/5] parisc: add __NR_syscalls along with __NR_Linux_syscalls
   1  [PATCH v5 1/5] parisc: move __IGNORE* entries to non uapi header
   1  [PATCH v5 0/5] parisc: system call table generation support
   1  [PATCH V9 21/21] csky: support dword access for get_user_size()
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/8] pci: consolidate PCI config entry in drivers/pci
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/8] aha152x: rename the PCMCIA define


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 1/3] driver core: add probe_err log helper
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/3] drivers: use probe_err function in obvious cases
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/3] driver core: add deferring probe reason to
   1  [PATCH 4/4] dt-bindings/irqchip/mbigen: add example of MBIGEN generate SPIs
   1  [PATCH 3/4] irqchip/mbigen: add support for a MBIGEN generating SPIs
   1  [PATCH 2/4] irqchip/mbigen: rename register marcros
   1  [PATCH 1/4] irqchip/gic-v3-mbi: fix uninitialized mbi_lock
   1  [PATCH 0/4] add support for MBIGEN generating message based SPIs
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf tools: Store ids for events with their own cpus
   1  Re: [BUG] hikey960: psci: Failure to boot CPU after hotplug


linux-arm-msm/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] phy: qcom-qusb2: Fix HSTX_TRIM tuning with fused value for SDM845
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] phy: qcom-qusb2: Use HSTX_TRIM fused value as is
   1  [PATCH v1 4/4] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add thermal zones for each sensor
   1  [PATCH v1 3/4] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add tsens controller
   1  [PATCH v1 2/4] drivers: thermal: tsens: Add generic support for TSENS v1 IP
   1  [PATCH v1 1/4] dt: thermal: tsens: Add bindings for qcs404


linux-aspeed/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: [Potential Spoof] Re: [PATCH net-next v4]
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v4] net/ncsi: Add NCSI Broadcom OEM command


linux-block/
=============
   1  [BUG] ext4/block null pointer crashes in linux-next
   1  Re: [BUG] ext4/block null pointer crashes in linux-next


linux-bluetooth/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH v2] Bluetooth: hci_qca: Add support for controller debug
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 1/2] Bluetooth: Add device_get_bd_address()
   1  [PATCH] Bluetooth: Fix locking in bt_accept_enqueue() for BH context
   1  [PATCH v3] Bluetooth: hci_qca: Add support for controller debug logs.


linux-clk/
=============
   1  [PATCH] clk: rockchip: Fix static checker warning in rockchip_ddrclk_get_parent call
   1  RE: [PATCH 2/2] clk: imx: imx7d: remove clks_init_on array


linux-crypto/
=============
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 12/12] fscrypt: add Adiantum support
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 11/12] crypto: adiantum - add Adiantum support
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 10/12] crypto: arm/nhpoly1305 - add NEON-accelerated NHPoly1305
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 09/12] crypto: nhpoly1305 - add NHPoly1305 support
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 08/12] crypto: poly1305 - add Poly1305 core API
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 07/12] crypto: arm/chacha - add XChaCha12 support
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 06/12] crypto: arm/chacha20 - refactor to allow varying number of rounds
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 05/12] crypto: arm/chacha20 - add XChaCha20 support
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 04/12] crypto: chacha - add XChaCha12 support
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 03/12] crypto: chacha20-generic - refactor to allow varying number of rounds
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 02/12] crypto: chacha20-generic - add XChaCha20 support
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 01/12] crypto: chacha20-generic - add HChaCha20 library function
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 00/12] crypto: Adiantum support
   1  [PATCH v3 4/4] ARM: imx_v6_v7_defconfig: Enable CRYPTO_DEV_MXS_DCP
   1  [PATCH v3 3/4] ARM: dts: imx6ull: Add dcp node
   1  [PATCH v3 2/4] crypto: mxs-dcp - Add support for dcp clk
   1  [PATCH v3 1/4] dt-bindings: crypto: Mention clocks for mxs-dcp
   1  [PATCH v3 0/4] Port mxs-dcp to imx6ull and imx6sll


linux-doc/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH RFC] doc: rcu: remove obsolete (non-)requirement about
   1  [PATCH v2] docs/uio: fix a grammar nitpick
   1  [GIT PULL] IDA/IDR fixes for 4.19
   1  Re: [PATCH] Fix Code of Conduct ambiguities


linux-efi/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] efi/libstub: Disable some warnings for x86{,_64}


linux-ext4/
=============
   1  Re: WARNING in ext4_invalidatepage


linux-fpga/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/4] docs: fpga: document programming fpgas using regions
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/4] fpga: add devm_fpga_region_create
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/4] fpga: mgr: add devm_fpga_mgr_create


linux-fsdevel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] proc: fix proc-self-map-files selftest for arm
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] splice: don't merge into linked buffers
   1  possible deadlock in __generic_file_fsync
   1  Re: INFO: task hung in fanotify_handle_event


linux-gpio/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC 2/4] pwm: sifive: Add a driver for SiFive SoC PWM
   2  Re: [RFC 1/4] pwm: sifive: Add DT documentation for SiFive PWM
   1  Re: [RFC 1/4] pwm: sifive: Add DT documentation for SiFive PWM Controller.


linux-hwmon/
=============
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 12/12] Add maintainers for the PECI subsystem
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 11/12] hwmon: Add PECI dimmtemp driver
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 10/12] hwmon: Add PECI cputemp driver
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 09/12] Documentation: hwmon: Add documents for PECI hwmon client drivers
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 08/12] mfd: intel-peci-client: Add PECI client MFD driver
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 07/12] dt-bindings: mfd: Add a document for PECI client MFD
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 06/12] peci: Add a PECI adapter driver for Aspeed AST24xx/AST25xx
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 05/12] ARM: dts: aspeed: peci: Add PECI node
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 04/12] dt-bindings: Add a document of PECI adapter driver for ASPEED AST24xx/25xx SoCs
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 03/12] peci: Add support for PECI bus driver core
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 02/12] Documentation: ioctl: Add ioctl numbers for PECI subsystem
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 01/12] dt-bindings: Add a document of PECI subsystem
   1  [RESEND PATCH v8 00/12] PECI device driver introduction


linux-ia64/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ia64: enable GENERIC_HWEIGHT
   1  Re: [PATCH] ia64: disable SCHED_STACK_END_CHECK


linux-iio/
=============
   1  [PATCH] staging: iio: adc: Add comments to prevent checks corrections
   1  [PATCH] staging: iio: ad7816: Switch to the gpio descriptor interface
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: iio: adc: Add comments to prevent checks
   1  Re: [PATCH] iio: dpot-dac: mark expected switch fall-through


linux-input/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] Input: atmel_mxt_ts - mark expected switch fall-through
   1  Re: [PATCH] HID: steam: remove input device when a hid client is
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] HID: i2c-hid: Add a small delay after sleep command
   1  INFO: task hung in evdev_release


linux-kbuild/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] kbuild: provide a new place to check necessary host


linux-leds/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 2/9] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Remove LM3697


linux-media/
=============
   1  Re: [V2, 2/5] Documentation: dt-bindings: Document the Synopsys MIPI
   1  Re: [PATCH v11 0/5] Venus updates - PIL
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] media: docs-rst: Document memory-to-memory video
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] media: docs-rst: Document memory-to-memory video


linux-mediatek/
=============
   1  [PATCH v9 9/9] PCI: mediatek: Add loadable kernel module support
   1  [PATCH v9 8/9] PCI: mediatek: Save the GIC IRQ in mtk_pcie_port
   1  [PATCH v9 7/9] PCI: mediatek: Add system PM support for MT2712 and MT7622
   1  [PATCH v9 6/9] PCI: mediatek: Fixup enable MSI logic by enable MSI after clock enabled
   1  [PATCH v9 5/9] PCI: mediatek: Move the mtk_pcie_startup_port_v2 function's define after mtk_pcie_setup_irq
   1  [PATCH v9 4/9] PCI: mediatek: Convert to use pci_host_probe()
   1  [PATCH v9 3/9] PCI: mediatek: Remove the redundant dev->pm_domain check
   1  [PATCH v9 2/9] PCI: Using PCI configuration space header type instead of class type to assign resource
   1  [PATCH v9 1/9] PCI: mediatek: Using slot's devfn for compare to fix mtk_pcie_find_port logic
   1  [PATCH v9 0/9] PCI: mediatek: fixup find_port, enable_msi and add PM, module support
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 2/9] PCI: mediatek: Fix class type for MT7622 as
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 2/9] PCI: mediatek: Fixup class ID for MT7622 as


linux-mips/
=============
   1  [RESEND PATCH 05/14] MIPS: lantiq: Unselect SWAP_IO_SPACE when LANTIQ is selected
   1  [RESEND PATCH 02/14] MIPS: dts: Add aliases node for lantiq danube serial
   1  [RESEND PATCH 01/14] MIPS: dts: Change upper case to lower case


linux-mmc/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mmc: sdhci: use goto rather than return directly


linux-mtd/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] jffs2: free jffs2_sb_info through jffs2_kill_sb()
   1  [PATCH v3 3/3] mtd: rawnand: ams-delta: Convert the driver to ->exec_op()
   1  [PATCH v3 2/3] mtd: rawnand: ams-delta: Stop using legacy .IOADDR_R/W
   1  [PATCH v3 1/3] mtd: rawnand: Provide helper for polling GPIO R/B pin
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP SPI=
   1  [PATCH v2] mtd: spi-nor: Add support for SPI boot flash access for
   1  RE: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP SPI


linux-next/
=============
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the jc_docs tree with the pci tree
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the block tree with the pci tree
   1  linux-next: Tree for Oct 16
   1  linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commit in the fuse tree
   1  [PATCH] f2fs: update for MS_* flags mostly going away
   1  Re: linux-next: build failure after merge of the vfs tree
   1  Re: linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commit in the fuse tree


linux-omap/
=============
   1  Re: omap5: dwc3 interface status in /sys


linux-pci/
=============
   1  [RESEND PATCH v3 2/2] PCI: uniphier: Add UniPhier PCIe host controller support
   1  [RESEND PATCH v3 1/2] dt-bindings: PCI: Add UniPhier PCIe host controller description
   1  [RESEND PATCH v3 0/2] add new UniPhier PCIe host driver
   1  [PATCH v3 2/2] PCI: uniphier: Add UniPhier PCIe host controller support
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] dt-bindings: PCI: Add UniPhier PCIe host controller description
   1  [PATCH v3 0/2] add new UniPhier PCIe host driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/2] PCI: uniphier: Add UniPhier PCIe host controller support


linux-perf-users/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] perf report: don't crash on invalid inline debug


linux-pm/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH] power: reset: at91-reset: enable I-cache for at91sam9260_reset
   3  Re: [PATCH v8 10/15] sched: Introduce a sysctl for Energy Aware
   1  [PATCH] tools/power/cpupower: fix compilation with STATIC=true
   1  [PATCH] sched: Document sched_energy_aware sysctl
   1  [PATCH] PM / devfreq: Fix static checker warning in try_then_request_governor
   1  [PATCH v8 15/15] OPTIONAL: cpufreq: dt: Register an Energy Model
   1  [PATCH v8 14/15] sched/fair: Select an energy-efficient CPU on task wake-up
   1  [PATCH v8 13/15] sched/fair: Introduce an energy estimation helper function
   1  [PATCH v8 12/15] sched: Add over-utilization/tipping point indicator
   1  [PATCH v8 11/15] sched/fair: Clean-up update_sg_lb_stats parameters
   1  [PATCH v8 10/15] sched: Introduce a sysctl for Energy Aware Scheduling
   1  [PATCH v8 09/15] sched: Introduce sched_energy_present static key
   1  [PATCH v8 08/15] sched/topology: Make Energy Aware Scheduling depend on schedutil
   1  [PATCH v8 07/15] sched/topology: Disable EAS on inappropriate platforms
   1  [PATCH v8 06/15] sched/topology: Lowest CPU asymmetry sched_domain level pointer
   1  [PATCH v8 05/15] sched/topology: Reference the Energy Model of CPUs when available
   1  [PATCH v8 04/15] PM / EM: Expose the Energy Model in sysfs
   1  [PATCH v8 03/15] PM: Introduce an Energy Model management framework
   1  [PATCH v8 02/15] sched/cpufreq: Prepare schedutil for Energy Aware Scheduling
   1  [PATCH v8 01/15] sched: Relocate arch_scale_cpu_capacity
   1  [PATCH v8 00/15] Energy Aware Scheduling
   1  [PATCH 11/11] DT: arm: exynos: add support for thermal trip
   1  [PATCH 10/11] DT: arm: exynos: add support for thermal trip
   1  [PATCH 09/11] DT: arm: exynos: add support for thermal trip
   1  [PATCH 08/11] DT: arm: exynos4: add support for thermal trip
   1  [PATCH 07/11] DT: arm64: exynos7: add support for thermal trip
   1  [PATCH 06/11] DT: arm64: exynos: add support for thermal trip
   1  [PATCH 05/11] Doc: DT: thermal: new irq-mode for trip point
   1  [PATCH 04/11] Doc: thermal: new irq-mode for trip point
   1  [PATCH 03/11] thermal: add new sysfs file for irq-mode
   1  [PATCH 02/11] thermal: add irq-mode configuration for trip point
   1  [PATCH 01/11] thermal: remove unused function parameter
   1  [PATCH 00/11] thermal: add new flag irq-mode for trip point
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/7] Introduce thermal pressure
   1  Re: [PATCH] tools/power/cpupower: fix compilation with STATIC=true
   1  Re: [PATCH] power: reset: at91-reset: enable I-cache for
   1  Re: [PATCH] cpufreq: conservative: Take limits changes into account properly
   1  Re: [PATCH] cpufreq: conservative: Fix requested_freq handling
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/11] DT: arm: exynos: add support for thermal trip
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/11] DT: arm64: exynos: add support for thermal trip
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] cpupower update for Linux 4.20-rc1


linux-pwm/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] pwm: Kconfig: Enable TI ECAP driver for ARCH_K3
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] dt-bindings: pwm: tiecap: Add TI AM654 SoC specific compatible
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] pwm-tiecap: Add support for AM654 SoCs


linux-rockchip/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: rockchip: Use default brightness table for gru.
   1  Re: [PATCH] DT: rockchip: Fix stability issues with the


linux-rpi-kernel/
=============
   1  [PATCH 9/9] staging: bcm2835-audio: check for VCHIQ during probe
   1  [PATCH 8/9] staging: vchiq_arm: add function to check if probe was successful
   1  [PATCH 7/9] ARM: dts: bcm2835-rpi: add onboard audio device
   1  [PATCH 6/9] ASoC: dt-bindings: bcm2835-rpi: add onboard audio bindings
   1  [PATCH 5/9] staging: bcm2835-audio: more generic probe function name
   1  [PATCH 4/9] staging: bcm2835-audio: use anonymous union in struct vc_audio_msg
   1  [PATCH 3/9] staging: bcm2835-audio: reorder variable declarations & remove trivial comments
   1  [PATCH 2/9] staging: bcm2835-audio: don't initialize memory twice
   1  [PATCH 1/9] staging: bcm2835-audio: unify FOURCC command definitions
   1  [PATCH 0/9] staging: bcm2835-audio: Cleanups and upgrades
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/9] staging: bcm2835-audio: more generic probe function name
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] staging: bcm2835-audio: Cleanups and upgrades


linux-s390/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC 08/14] s390/mm: Make gmap_read_table EDAT1 compatible
   2  Re: [RFC 07/14] s390/mm: Add gmap_idte_global
   1  Re: [RFC 13/14] s390/mm: Pull pmd invalid check in gmap_pmd_op_walk
   1  Re: [BUG -next 20181008] list corruption with "mm/slub: remove


linux-scsi/
=============
   1  [PATCH V15 2/2] scsi: ufs: Add configfs support for UFS provisioning
   1  [PATCH V15 1/2] scsi: ufs: set the device reference clock setting
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/1] scsi: ufs: make UFS Tx lane1 clock optional for
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] target: Fix target_wait_for_sess_cmds breakage with
   1  RE: [PATCH V15 2/2] scsi: ufs: Add configfs support for UFS


linux-security-module/
=============
   1  possible deadlock in process_measurement
   1  Re: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() ignore value of go_to_idle()


linux-serial/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: [LINUX PATCHv3 6/9] serial-uartlite: Change logic
   1  [RFC][PATCHv2 4/4] tty: 8250: switch to uart_port locking helpers
   1  [RFC][PATCHv2 3/4] serial: introduce uart_port locking helpers
   1  [RFC][PATCHv2 2/4] printk: move printk_safe macros to printk header
   1  [RFC][PATCHv2 1/4] panic: avoid deadlocks in re-entrant console drivers
   1  [RFC][PATCHv2 0/4] less deadlock prone serial consoles
   1  [RESEND PATCH 14/14] dt-bindings: serial: lantiq: Add optional properties for CCF
   1  [RESEND PATCH 13/14] serial: lantiq: Change init_lqasc to static declaration
   1  [RESEND PATCH 12/14] serial: lantiq: Replace lantiq_soc.h with lantiq.h
   1  [RESEND PATCH 10/14] serial: lantiq: Reorder the head files
   1  [RESEND PATCH 09/14] serial: lantiq: Add CCF support
   1  [RESEND PATCH 08/14] serial: lantiq: Replace clk_enable/clk_disable with clk generic API
   1  [RESEND PATCH 07/14] serial: lantiq: Rename fpiclk to freqclk
   1  [RESEND PATCH 06/14] serial: lantiq: Use readl/writel instead of ltq_r32/ltq_w32
   1  [RESEND PATCH 04/14] serial: lantiq: Change ltq_w32_mask to asc_update_bits
   1  [RESEND PATCH 03/14] serial: lantiq: Get serial id from dts
   1  [RESEND PATCH 00/14] serial: lantiq: Add CCF suppport
   1  [PATCH] tty: serial: qcom_geni_serial: Rectify UART suspend mechanism
   1  [PATCH] tty: serial: qcom_geni_serial: Don't slow all ports just for kgdb
   1  [PATCH] tty: serial: qcom_geni_serial: Add suspend support to non console UART
   1  [LINUX PATCHv3 9/9] serial-uartlite: Remove SERIAL_UARTLITE_NR_UARTS
   1  [LINUX PATCHv3 8/9] serial-uartlite: Remove ULITE_NR_PORTS macro
   1  [LINUX PATCHv3 7/9] serial-uartlite: Use allocated structure instead of static ones
   1  [LINUX PATCHv3 6/9] serial-uartlite: Change logic how console_port is setup
   1  [LINUX PATCHv3 5/9] serial-uartlite: Fix the unbind path
   1  [LINUX PATCHv3 4/9] serial-uartlite: Add runtime support
   1  [LINUX PATCHv3 3/9] serial-uartlite: Do not use static struct uart_driver out of probe()
   1  [LINUX PATCHv3 2/9] serial-uartlite: Add get serial id if not provided
   1  [LINUX PATCHv3 1/9] serial-uartlite: Move the uart register
   1  [LINUX PATCHv3 0/9] serial-uartlite: Add support for dynamic allocation
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 2/4] printk: move printk_safe macros to printk
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 0/4] less deadlock prone serial consoles
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/14] serial: langtiq: Add CCF suppport
   1  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs
   1  Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs


linux-snps-arc/
=============
   1  [PATCH] clocksource/drivers/arc_timer: Utilize generic sched_clock


linux-soc/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: sdm845: Add PSCI cpuidle low power states
   1  [PATCH v1 0/4] thermal: tsens: Add support for QCS404 platform


linux-sparse/
=============
   1  [PATCH] compiler.h: update definition of unreachable()
   1  Re: [PATCH] compiler.h: update definition of unreachable()


linux-spi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] spi: Make GPIO CSs honour the SPI_NO_CS flag


linux-tip-commits/
=============
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/entry/64: Further improve paranoid_entry
   1  [tip:sched/urgent] sched/fair: Fix the min_vruntime update logic in
   1  [tip:locking/core] locking/lockdep: Remove duplicated


linux-usb/
=============
   3  Re: WARNING in usb_submit_urb (3)
   1  [PATCH] USB: misc: appledisplay: fix backlight update_status return code
   1  Re: [PATCH] xhci: remove the unused sw_lpm_support


linuxppc-dev/
=============
  10  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 15
   4  Re: [PATCH V3 1/2] mm: Add get_user_pages_cma_migrate
   2  Re: [PATCH] powerpc/io: remove old GCC version implementation
   1  [PATCH] powerpc/io: remove old GCC version implementation
   1  [PATCH] memblock: fix missed uses of implicit aligment
   1  [PATCH v8 9/9] powerpc: clean stack pointers naming
   1  [PATCH v8 8/9] powerpc/64: Remove CURRENT_THREAD_INFO
   1  [PATCH v8 7/9] powerpc/32: Remove CURRENT_THREAD_INFO and rename
   1  [PATCH v8 6/9] powerpc: 'current_set' is now a table of task_struct
   1  [PATCH v8 5/9] powerpc: regain entire stack space
   1  [PATCH v8 4/9] powerpc: Activate CONFIG_THREAD_INFO_IN_TASK
   1  [PATCH v8 3/9] powerpc: Prepare for moving thread_info into
   1  [PATCH v8 2/9] powerpc: Only use task_struct 'cpu' field on SMP
   1  [PATCH v8 1/9] book3s/64: avoid circular header inclusion in
   1  [PATCH v8 0/9] powerpc: Switch to CONFIG_THREAD_INFO_IN_TASK
   1  Re: linux-next: qemu boot failures with today's linux-next
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 2/2] powerpc/mm/iommu: Allow migration of cma allocated


live-patching/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 12/12] selftests/livepatch: introduce tests


netfilter-devel/
=============
   1  linux-next: build failure after merge of the netfilter-next tree


osuosl-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] staging: add nrf24 driver
   1  [PATCH] staging: add nrf24 driver
   1  [PATCH] drivers: staging: rtl*: fix spelling mistake "Orginial" -> "Original"
   1  [PATCH v2] staging: add nrf24 driver
   1  [PATCH 3/3] staging: gasket: page_table: add mapping flags
   1  [PATCH 2/3] staging: gasket: remove debug logs in page table mapping calls
   1  [PATCH 1/3] staging: gasket: remove debug logs for callback invocation
   1  [PATCH 0/3] staging: gasket: add DMA direction flags a.o.


platform-driver-x86/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V3] MAINTAINERS: intel_telemetry: Update maintainers info


sparclinux/
=============
   1  [mm PATCH v3 6/6] mm: Add reserved flag setting to set_page_links
   1  [mm PATCH v3 5/6] mm: Use common iterator for deferred_init_pages
   1  [mm PATCH v3 4/6] mm: Move hot-plug specific memory init into
   1  [mm PATCH v3 3/6] mm: Use memblock/zone specific iterator for
   1  [mm PATCH v3 2/6] mm: Drop meminit_pfn_in_nid as it is redundant
   1  [mm PATCH v3 1/6] mm: Use mm_zero_struct_page from SPARC on all 64b
   1  [mm PATCH v3 0/6] Deferred page init improvements


virtualization/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] virtio_net: enable tx after resuming from suspend


