
Alan_Tull/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] of: overlay: user space synchronization
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] of: overlay: user space synchronization


Alessandro_Rubini/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC] err.h: document that PTR_ERR should only be used if


Alex_Williamson/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 1/4] VFIO KABI for migration interface
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] drivers/vfio: Fix a redundant copy bug
   1  Re: [PATCH kernel 3/3] vfio_pci: Add NVIDIA GV100GL [Tesla V100


Alexander_Shishkin/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH] perf: Rewrite core context handling


Andrew_Morton/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm: thp:  relax __GFP_THISNODE for MADV_HUGEPAGE
   1  mmotm 2018-10-16-16-46 uploaded
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/4] mm: workingset: add vmstat counter for shadow nodes


Andrzej_Hajda/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 2/4] driver core: add deferring probe reason to
   1  [PATCH v3 1/4] driver core: add probe_err log helper
   1  [PATCH v2 2/3] driver core: add deferring probe reason to
   1  [PATCH v2 1/3] driver core: add probe_err log helper
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] drivers: use probe_err function in obvious cases


Antoine_Tenart/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] crypto: inside-secure: safexcel - fix memory allocation


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
   1  [PATCH] ARM: remove naked function usage
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 21/21] csky: support dword access for get_user_size()
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 20/21] MAINTAINERS: Add csky
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 18/21] dt-bindings: csky CPU Bindings
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 17/21] csky: Misc headers
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 16/21] csky: SMP support
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 15/21] csky: Debug and Ptrace GDB
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 14/21] csky: User access
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 13/21] csky: Library functions
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 12/21] csky: ELF and module probe
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 11/21] csky: Atomic operations
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 10/21] csky: IRQ handling
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 09/21] csky: VDSO and rt_sigreturn
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 08/21] csky: Process management and Signal
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 07/21] csky: MMU and page table management
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 06/21] csky: Cache and TLB routines
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 05/21] csky: System Call
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 04/21] csky: Exception handling and mm-fault
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 03/21] csky: Kernel booting
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 02/21] csky: defconfig
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 00/21] C-SKY(csky) Linux Kernel Port
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input operands list


Bart_Van_Assche/
=============
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH v2] code-of-conduct: Remove explicit


Bartlomiej_Zolnierkiewicz/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 17/17] thermal: warn on attempts to read temperature on
   1  [PATCH v2 16/17] thermal: zx2967: enable+check sensor after its
   1  [PATCH v2 15/17] thermal: uniphier: enable+check sensor after its
   1  [PATCH v2 14/17] thermal: ti-soc-thermal: enable+check sensor after
   1  [PATCH v2 13/17] thermal: tegra: enable+check sensor after its
   1  [PATCH v2 12/17] thermal: exynos: enable+check sensor after its
   1  [PATCH v2 11/17] thermal: rockchip_thermal: enable+check sensor
   1  [PATCH v2 10/17] thermal: rcar_gen3_thermal: enable+check sensor
   1  [PATCH v2 09/17] thermal: qoriq: enable+check sensor after its
   1  [PATCH v2 08/17] thermal: qcom: tsens: enable+check sensor after
   1  [PATCH v2 07/17] thermal: hisi_thermal: enable+check sensor after
   1  [PATCH v2 06/17] thermal: brcmstb: enable+check sensor after its
   1  [PATCH v2 05/17] thermal: bcm2835: enable+check sensor after its
   1  [PATCH v2 04/17] thermal: separate sensor registration and
   1  [PATCH v2 03/17] thermal: separate sensor enable and check
   1  [PATCH v2 02/17] thermal: add thermal_zone_device_check() helper
   1  [PATCH v2 01/17] thermal: add thermal_zone_set_mode() helper
   1  [PATCH v2 00/17] thermal: enable+check sensor after its setup is


Benjamin_Gaignard/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/sti: clean up after drm_atomic_helper_shutdown rework


Benjamin_Herrenschmidt/
=============
   1  Re: [[PATCH] 8/9] DMA-UART-Driver-for-AST2500
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/8] powerpc: remove CONFIG_PCI_QSPAN


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
   6  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP SPI
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 00/10] Add the I3C subsystem
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 2/2] dt-binding: spi: Document Macronix controller
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/2] spi: Add MXIC controller driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform


Brendan_Higgins/
=============
   1  [RFC v1 31/31] MAINTAINERS: add entry for KUnit the unit testing framework
   1  [RFC v1 30/31] kunit.py: improved output from python wrapper
   1  [RFC v1 29/31] kunit: added KUnit wrapper script and simple output parser
   1  [RFC v1 28/31] kunit: added Python libraries for handing KUnit config
   1  [RFC v1 27/31] Documentation: kunit: adds complete documentation for KUnit
   1  [RFC v1 26/31] arch: um: added stubs for mock iomem for KUnit
   1  [RFC v1 25/31] kunit: added concept of platform mocking
   1  [RFC v1 24/31] kunit: improved sigsegv stack trace printing
   1  [RFC v1 23/31] kunit: mock: add parameter capturers
   1  [RFC v1 22/31] kunit: mock: add the concept of spyable functions
   1  [RFC v1 21/31] kunit: mock: added support for arbitrary function mocking
   1  [RFC v1 20/31] kunit: mock: add ability to mock functions with void context
   1  [RFC v1 19/31] kunit: mock: implemented nice, strict and naggy mock distinctions
   1  [RFC v1 18/31] kunit: mock: added parameter formatters
   1  [RFC v1 17/31] kunit: mock: added struct param matcher
   1  [RFC v1 16/31] kunit: mock: added class mocking support
   1  [RFC v1 15/31] kunit: mock: added basic matchers and actions
   1  [RFC v1 14/31] kunit: mock: added internal mock infrastructure
   1  [RFC v1 13/31] kunit: mock: added parameter list minipulation macros
   1  [RFC v1 12/31] checkpatch: added support for struct MOCK(foo) syntax
   1  [RFC v1 11/31] kunit: test: added concept of post conditions
   1  [RFC v1 10/31] kunit: test: added concept of initcalls
   1  [RFC v1 09/31] kunit: test: added the concept of assertions
   1  [RFC v1 08/31] arch: um: added shim to trap to allow installing a
   1  [RFC v1 07/31] kunit: test: added initial tests
   1  [RFC v1 06/31] arch: um: enabled running kunit from User Mode Linux
   1  [RFC v1 05/31] kunit: test: added the concept of expectations
   1  [RFC v1 04/31] kunit: test: added test_stream a std::stream like logger
   1  [RFC v1 03/31] kunit: test: added test resource management API
   1  [RFC v1 02/31] kunit: test: adds KUnit test runner core
   1  [RFC v1 01/31] kunit: test: added string_stream a std::stream like
   1  [RFC v1 00/31] kunit: Introducing KUnit, the Linux kernel unit
   1  Re: [RFC v1 12/31] checkpatch: added support for struct MOCK(foo) syntax


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] staging: iio: ad7280a: Lines should not end with a '('
   1  staging: MAINTAINERS: remove obsolete IPX staging directory
   1  Re: patch "staging: MAINTAINERS: remove obsolete IPX staging
   1  Re: [RFC v1 12/31] checkpatch: added support for struct MOCK(foo)
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: iio: adc: Add comments to prevent checks


Catalin_Marinas/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] kmemleak: Add config to select auto scan


Chanwoo_Choi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] PM / devfreq: Fix static checker warning in
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 6/6] arm64: platform: Add enable Exynos Multi-Core
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/6] arm64: dts: exynos: Move arch-timer node to
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Add arch_timer


Chao_Yu/
=============
   1  [PATCH] f2fs: fix to account IO correctly
   1  Re: [f2fs-dev] [PATCH] f2fs: clear cold data flag if IO is not
   1  Re: [f2fs-dev] [PATCH v2] f2fs: clear cold data flag if IO is not
   1  Re: [PATCH v11] f2fs: guarantee journalled quota data by checkpoint


Chen-Yu_Tsai/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 5/7] power: supply: add AC power supply driver for AXP813


Christoph_Hellwig/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 5/6] esp_scsi: De-duplicate PIO routines
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] mm: Add an F_SEAL_FS_WRITE seal to memfd
   1  move bus (PCI, PCMCIA, EISA, rapdio) config to drivers/ v2
   1  [PATCH 8/8] kconfig: remove CONFIG_MCA leftovers
   1  [PATCH 7/8] eisa: consolidate EISA Kconfig entry in drivers/eisa
   1  [PATCH 6/8] rapidio: consolidate RAPIDIO config entry in drivers/rapidio
   1  [PATCH 5/8] pcmcia: allow PCMCIA support independent of the architecture
   1  [PATCH 4/8] PCI: consolidate PCI config entry in drivers/pci
   1  [PATCH 3/8] powerpc: PCI_MSI needs PCI
   1  [PATCH 2/8] powerpc: remove CONFIG_PCI_QSPAN
   1  [PATCH 1/8] aha152x: rename the PCMCIA define
   1  Re: rdma-core doesn't install driver.h, broke libibscif
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 1/4] VFIO KABI for migration interface
   1  Re: [PATCH] xfs: Fix error code in 'xfs_ioc_getbmap()'
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/1] Add attribute single_usage_restriction for mdev
   1  Re: [PATCH 8/8] kconfig: remove CONFIG_MCA leftovers
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/8] media: sti/bdisp: don't pass GFP_DMA32 to
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/8] drm: sti: don't pass GFP_DMA32 to dma_alloc_wc
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/8] cpufreq: tegra186: don't pass GFP_DMA32 to
   1  Re: Querying the CPU queue mapping of blk-mq device in general and


Christoph_Lameter/
=============
   2  Re: WARNING: kmalloc bug in input_mt_init_slots
   1  Re: [patch] mm, slab: avoid high-order slab pages when it does not


Chunyan_Zhang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: sdhci: use goto rather than return directly


Cong_Wang/
=============
   1  Re: netconsole warning in 4.19.0-rc7


Cornelia_Huck/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 2/4] Add migration functions for VFIO devices
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 0/4] Add migration support for VFIO device


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
   1  [PATCH V2] DT: rockchip: Fix stability issues with the 'performance' governor on rock960


David_Howells/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH 31/34] vfs: syscall: Add fspick() to select a superblock for reconfiguration [ver #12]
   2  [PATCH 3/4] fscache: Fix incomplete initialisation of inline key
   2  [PATCH 2/4] fscache: Fix race in fscache_op_complete() due to split
   2  [PATCH 1/4] cachefiles: fix the race between
   2  [PATCH 0/4] FS-Cache: Miscellaneous fixes
   1  [PATCH 4/4] fscache: Fix out of bound read in long cookie keys
   1  Re: proc: Add fs_context support to procfs
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] fscache: Fix race in fscache_op_complete() due to split atomic_sub & read


David_Rientjes/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm, proc: report PR_SET_THP_DISABLE in proc


David_S_Miller/
=============
   1  [PATCH] perf: Add Sparc jitdump support.
   1  [PATCH] perf: Add Sparc annotate support.
   1  Re: perf's handling of unfindable user symbols...
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH net-next 2/4] net: 8021q: vlan_core: allow use list
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] net: aquantia: make function
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v2 2/2] net: phy: mscc: fix memory leak in
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next 0/5] Some cleanup and bugfix for desc filling


Davidlohr_Bueso/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 5/5] lib/dlock-list: Scale dlock_lists_empty()


Dennis_Zhou/
=============
   2  Re: [BUG] ext4/block null pointer crashes in linux-next


Dinh_Nguyen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCHv2] reset: socfpga: add an early reset driver for SoCFPGA


Dmitry_Osipenko/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH v1 1/5] dt-bindings: cpufreq: Add binding for NVIDIA
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] clk: tegra20: Enable lock-status polling for PLLs
   2  Re: [PATCH v1 05/11] dt-bindings: regulator: Change
   1  [PATCH] mfd: tps6586x: Handle interrupts on suspend
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] i2c: tegra: Remove suspend-resume
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 3/5] ARM: tegra: Create tegra20-cpufreq device on
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/3] clk: tegra: Add more rates to Tegra30 PLLX
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/3] clk: tegra: Convert CCLKG mux to mux + clock


Dmitry_Torokhov/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] Input: uinput - fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   2  Re: [PATCH 6/7] Input: sx8654 - add sx8650 support
   2  Re: WARNING: kmalloc bug in input_mt_init_slots
   1  [PATCH] Input: synaptics - avoid using uninitialized variable when
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/5] device property: Introducing software nodes
   1  Re: [PATCH] Input: xen-kbdfront - mark expected switch fall-through
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/7] Input: sx8654 - use common of_touchscreen functions
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/7] Input: sx8654 - add reset-gpio support


Doug_Ledford/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] RDMA/ucma: Fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  Re: [PATCH] IB/ucm: Fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  Re: [PATCH  v3 0/2] IB/mlx4: Enable debug print of SMPs and enhance


Eric_Anholt/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/9] ARM: dts: bcm2835-rpi: add onboard audio device
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] staging: vc04_services: Some dead code removal


Eric_Biederman/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 31/34] vfs: syscall: Add fspick() to select a superblock for reconfiguration [ver #12]
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] sysctl: handle overflow in proc_get_long


Eugeniy_Paltsev/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3] ARC: HSDK: improve reset driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] ARC: HSDK: improve reset driver


Fabio_Estevam/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 2/4] crypto: mxs-dcp - Add support for dcp clk
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/4] ARM: dts: imx6ull: Add dcp node
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/4] crypto: mxs-dcp - Add support for dcp clk
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] irqchip: add driver for imx-irqsteer controller


Fenghua_Yu/
=============
   1  [PATCH 7/7] selftests/resctrl: Add the test in MAINTAINERS
   1  [PATCH 6/7] selftests/resctrl: Add mba test
   1  [PATCH 5/7] selftests/resctrl: Add mbm test
   1  [PATCH 4/7] selftests/resctrl: Add built in benchmark
   1  [PATCH 3/7] selftests/resctrl: Add callback to start a benchmark
   1  [PATCH 2/7] selftests/resctrl: Read memory bandwidth from perf IMC counter and from resctrl file system
   1  [PATCH 1/7] selftests/resctrl: Add basic resctrl file system operations and data
   1  [PATCH 0/7] selftests/resctrl: Add resctrl selftest
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 10/13] arch/x86: Add AMD feature bit X86_FEATURE_MBA
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 08/13] arch/x86: Bring few more functions into the
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] selftests/resctrl: Add resctrl selftest


Finn_Thain/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] scsi: ips: fix missing break in switch


Frank_Rowand/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3] of: overlay: user space synchronization
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] of: overlay: user space synchronization
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH v3 1/3] code-of-conduct: Fix the


Geert_Uytterhoeven/
=============
   1  [PATCH] code-of-conduct: Remove explicit list of discrimination factors
   1  [PATCH v2] code-of-conduct: Remove explicit list of discrimination factors
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] thermal: da9062/61: Prevent hardware access during
   1  Re: move bus (PCI, PCMCIA, EISA, rapdio) config to drivers/ v2
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/3] thermal: da9062/61: Prevent hardware access during
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] drivers: tty: Fix kernel-docs comments
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH] code-of-conduct: Remove explicit list


Greentime_Hu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] Remove the no longer used mechanism


Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
   1  [PATCH 4.9 71/71] ipv4: frags: precedence bug in ip_expire()
   1  [PATCH 4.9 70/71] ip: frags: fix crash in ip_do_fragment()
   1  [PATCH 4.9 69/71] ip: process in-order fragments efficiently
   1  [PATCH 4.9 68/71] ip: add helpers to process in-order fragments faster.
   1  [PATCH 4.9 67/71] ip: use rb trees for IP frag queue.
   1  [PATCH 4.9 66/71] net: add rb_to_skb() and other rb tree helpers
   1  [PATCH 4.9 65/71] net: pskb_trim_rcsum() and CHECKSUM_COMPLETE are friends
   1  [PATCH 4.9 64/71] ipv6: defrag: drop non-last frags smaller than min mtu
   1  [PATCH 4.9 63/71] net: modify skb_rbtree_purge to return the truesize of all purged skbs.
   1  [PATCH 4.9 62/71] net: speed up skb_rbtree_purge()
   1  [PATCH 4.9 61/71] ip: discard IPv4 datagrams with overlapping segments.
   1  [PATCH 4.9 60/71] inet: frags: fix ip6frag_low_thresh boundary
   1  [PATCH 4.9 59/71] inet: frags: get rid of ipfrag_skb_cb/FRAG_CB
   1  [PATCH 4.9 58/71] inet: frags: reorganize struct netns_frags
   1  [PATCH 4.9 57/71] rhashtable: reorganize struct rhashtable layout
   1  [PATCH 4.9 56/71] ipv6: frags: rewrite ip6_expire_frag_queue()
   1  [PATCH 4.9 55/71] inet: frags: do not clone skb in ip_expire()
   1  [PATCH 4.9 54/71] inet: frags: break the 2GB limit for frags storage
   1  [PATCH 4.9 53/71] inet: frags: remove inet_frag_maybe_warn_overflow()
   1  [PATCH 4.9 52/71] inet: frags: get rif of inet_frag_evicting()
   1  [PATCH 4.9 51/71] inet: frags: remove some helpers
   1  [PATCH 4.9 50/71] inet: frags: use rhashtables for reassembly units
   1  [PATCH 4.9 49/71] rhashtable: add schedule points
   1  [PATCH 4.9 48/71] ipv6: export ip6 fragments sysctl to unprivileged users
   1  [PATCH 4.9 47/71] inet: frags: refactor lowpan_net_frag_init()
   1  [PATCH 4.9 46/71] inet: frags: refactor ipv6_frag_init()
   1  [PATCH 4.9 45/71] inet: frags: refactor ipfrag_init()
   1  [PATCH 4.9 44/71] inet: frags: add a pointer to struct netns_frags
   1  [PATCH 4.9 43/71] inet: frags: change inet_frags_init_net() return value
   1  [PATCH 4.18 113/135] MIPS: Fix CONFIG_CMDLINE handling
   1  [PATCH 4.18 086/135] KVM: PPC: Book3S HV: Dont use compound_order to determine host mapping size
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] driver core: add probe_err log helper
   1  Re: [PATCH 4.18 086/135] KVM: PPC: Book3S HV: Dont use
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] Drivers: hv: vmbus: Get rid of unnecessary state in
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] NULL pointer deref fix for stm32-dma
   1  Re: [GIT] Sparc
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] parisc fix for kernel v4.19
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] clk fixes for v4.19-rc8
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] SELinux fixes for v4.19 (#1)
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] IDA/IDR fixes for 4.19
   1  Re: Fate of ihex2fw tool


Gregory_CLEMENT/
=============
   1  [PATCH] net: mscc: ocelot: Fix comment in ocelot_vlant_wait_for_completion()


Grygorii_Strashko/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH net-next 2/4] net: 8021q: vlan_core: allow use list of
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH net-next 0/4] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: fix vlan mcast


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
   2  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH] code-of-conduct: Remove explicit list


Hans_Verkuil/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/2] media: platform: Add Aspeed Video Engine driver


Hans_de_Goede/
=============
   1  [PATCH] ACPI / scan: Create platform device for INT33FE ACPI nodes
   1  [PATCH 0/1] ACPI / scan: Create platform device for INT33FE ACPI nodes


Heikki_Krogerus/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/5] device property: Introducing software nodes


Heiko_Stuebner/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: rockchip: Fix static checker warning in rockchip_ddrclk_get_parent call


Helge_Deller/
=============
   2  Re: linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commits in the parisc-hd
   1  parisc: Fix uninitialized variable usage in unwind.c
   1  [GIT PULL] parisc fix for kernel v4.19


Herbert_Xu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] crypto: inside-secure: safexcel - fix memory allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH] crypto: ccree - avoid implicit enum conversion
   1  Re: [PATCH] crypto: caam/qi - simplify CGR allocation, freeing
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] crypto: streebog - add Streebog hash function


Huacai_Chen/
=============
   1  [PATCH] cacheinfo: Keep the old value if of_property_read_u32 fails


Hyper-V-linux-driver-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/5] hv_utils: update name in struct hv_driver util_drv
   1  [PATCH 1/5] Drivers: hv: vmbus: Get rid of unnecessary state in hv_context
   1  [PATCH 0/5] Drivers: hv: Miscellaneous fixes 


INTEL_MANAGEMENT_ENGINE_Tomas_Winkler/
=============
   2  RE: [PATCH v6 03/20] tpm: factor out tpm 1.x duration calculation
   1  [PATCH v6 20/20] tpm: use u32 instead of int for PCR index
   1  [PATCH v6 19/20] tpm1: reimplement tpm1_continue_selftest() using tpm_buf
   1  [PATCH v6 18/20] tpm1: reimplement SAVESTATE using tpm_buf
   1  [PATCH v6 17/20] tmp1: rename tpm1_pcr_read_dev to tpm1_pcr_read()
   1  [PATCH v6 16/20] tpm1: implement tpm1_pcr_read_dev() using tpm_buf structure
   1  [PATCH v6 15/20] tpm: tpm1: rewrite tpm1_get_random() using tpm_buf structure
   1  [PATCH v6 14/20] tpm: tpm-space.c remove unneeded semicolon
   1  [PATCH v6 13/20] tpm: tpm-interface.c drop unused macros
   1  [PATCH v6 12/20] tpm: add tpm_auto_startup() into tpm-interface.c
   1  [PATCH v6 11/20] tpm: factor out tpm_startup function
   1  [PATCH v6 10/20] tpm: factor out tpm 1.x pm suspend flow into tpm1-cmd.c
   1  [PATCH v6 09/20] tpm: move tpm 1.x selftest code from tpm-interface.c tpm1-cmd.c
   1  [PATCH v6 08/20] tpm: factor out tpm1_get_random into tpm1-cmd.c
   1  [PATCH v6 07/20] tpm: move tpm_getcap to tpm1-cmd.c
   1  [PATCH v6 06/20] tpm: move tpm1_pcr_extend to tpm1-cmd.c
   1  [PATCH v6 05/20] tpm: factor out tpm_get_timeouts()
   1  [PATCH v6 04/20] tpm: add tpm_calc_ordinal_duration() wrapper
   1  [PATCH v6 03/20] tpm: factor out tpm 1.x duration calculation to tpm1-cmd.c
   1  [PATCH v6 02/20] tpm: sort objects in the Makefile
   1  [PATCH v6 01/20] tpm2: add new tpm2 commands according to TCG 1.36
   1  [PATCH v6 00/21] tpm: separate tpm 1.x and tpm 2.x commands


Ingo_Molnar/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] Renames variable to fix shadow warning.


Intel_Linux_Wireless/
=============
   1  [PATCH] iwlwifi: mvm: fix spelling mistake "Recieved" -> "Received"


Jacopo_Mondi/
=============
   1  Re: i.MX6 MIPI-CSI2 OV5640 Camera testing on Mainline Linux


Jaegeuk_Kim/
=============
   1  [PATCH] f2fs: update for MS_* flags mostly going away
   1  Re: linux-next: build failure after merge of the vfs tree
   1  Re: [f2fs-dev] [PATCH] f2fs: clear cold data flag if IO is not
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] f2fs: clear cold data flag if IO is not counted


James_E_J_Bottomley/
=============
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH] code-of-conduct: Remove explicit list
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH v3 1/3] code-of-conduct: Fix the


Jan_Kiszka/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] scripts/gdb: fix lx-version for gdb 7.3-


Jani_Nikula/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] docs: Introduce deprecated APIs list


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 06/21] tpm: move tpm1_pcr_extend to tpm1-cmd.c


Jason_Gunthorpe/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] IB/rxe: Remove unnecessary enum values


Jason_Wang/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC] VSOCK: The performance problem of vhost_vsock.
   1  Re: [PATCH] virtio_net: enable tx after resuming from suspend
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] virtio_net: avoid using netif_tx_disable() for
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] virtio_net: avoid using netif_tx_disable() for
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next V2 6/8] vhost: packed ring support


Jeff_Kirsher/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] ixgbe: fix XFRM_ALGO dependency


John_Stultz/
=============
   2  Re: [RESEND][PATCH] scsi: ufs: Fix hynix ufs bug with quirk on hi36xx SoC
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] mm: Add an F_SEAL_FS_WRITE seal to memfd


Jon_Hunter/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH v1 1/5] dt-bindings: cpufreq: Add binding for NVIDIA
   2  Re: [PATCH v1 3/5] ARM: tegra: Create tegra20-cpufreq device on
   1  [PATCH] mfd: tps6586x: Handle interrupts on suspend
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 9/9] ASoC: tegra_sgtl5000: fix platform name vs.
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 8/9] ASoC: tegra_sgtl5000: fix device_node refcounting
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] i2c: tegra: Remove suspend-resume
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/5] cpufreq: tegra20: Support OPP, thermal cooling and
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/3] clk: tegra: Add more rates to Tegra30 PLLX
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/3] clk: tegra: Convert CCLKG mux to mux + clock


Josh_Poimboeuf/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] objtool: move libelf check out of top Makefile


Josh_Triplett/
=============
   3  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH] code-of-conduct: Remove explicit list


Juergen_Gross/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] xen: remove redundant 'default n' from Kconfig
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86: modify inline asm constraints in __cmpxchg_double()


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
   1  [PATCH] KVM: VMX: enable nested virtualization by default
   1  Re: [Qemu-devel] [PATCH 1/4] ptr_ring: port ptr_ring from linux
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 06/13] KVM: nVMX: optimize prepare_vmcs02{,_full} for
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 7/7] kvm: x86: Introduce KVM_CAP_EXCEPTION_PAYLOAD
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 6/7] kvm: vmx: Defer setting of DR6 until #DB delivery
   1  Re: [PATCH V6 3/5] target-i386: add rtc 0x70 port as coalesced_pio
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] migration: introduce lockless multithreads model


K_Y_Srinivasan/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] Drivers: hv: vmbus: Get rid of unnecessary state=
   1  RE: [PATCH 1/5] Drivers: hv: vmbus: Get rid of unnecessary state in


Kees_Cook/
=============
   1  [PATCH] docs: Introduce deprecated APIs list
   1  Re: [PATCH] skbuff: Mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] sysctl: handle overflow in proc_get_long
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] sysctl: handle overflow in proc_get_long
   1  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs


Kieran_Bingham/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC v1 06/31] arch: um: enabled running kunit from User Mode
   1  Re: [PATCH] scripts/gdb: fix lx-version for gdb 7.3-


Kirti_Wankhede/
=============
   1  [RFC PATCH v1 4/4] Make vfio-pci device migration capable.
   1  [RFC PATCH v1 3/4] Add vfio_listerner_log_sync to mark dirty pages
   1  [RFC PATCH v1 2/4] Add migration functions for VFIO devices
   1  [RFC PATCH v1 1/4] VFIO KABI for migration interface
   1  [RFC PATCH v1 0/4] Add migration support for VFIO device


Kishon_Vijay_Abraham_I/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 21/21] PCI: keystone: Cleanup macros defined in pci-keystone.c
   1  [PATCH v2 20/21] PCI: keystone: Reorder header file in alphabetical order
   1  [PATCH v2 19/21] PCI: keystone: Add debug error message for all errors
   1  [PATCH v2 18/21] PCI: keystone: Use ERR_IRQ_STATUS instead of ERR_IRQ_STATUS_RAW to get interrupt status
   1  [PATCH v2 17/21] PCI: keystone: Cleanup ks_pcie_link_up()
   1  [PATCH v2 16/21] PCI: keystone: Cleanup set_dbi_mode and get_dbi_mode
   1  [PATCH v2 15/21] PCI: keystone: Cleanup outbound window configuration
   1  [PATCH v2 14/21] PCI: keystone: Get number of outbound windows from DT
   1  [PATCH v2 13/21] PCI: keystone: Cleanup configuration space access
   1  [PATCH v2 12/21] PCI: keystone: Invoke pm_runtime APIs to enable clock
   1  [PATCH v2 11/21] PCI: keystone: Cleanup PHY handling
   1  [PATCH v2 10/21] PCI: keystone: Use SYSCON APIs to get device ID from control module
   1  [PATCH v2 09/21] dt-bindings: PCI: keystone: Add bindings to get device control module
   1  [PATCH v2 08/21] PCI: keystone: Use uniform function naming convention
   1  [PATCH v2 07/21] PCI: keystone: Remove redundant platform_set_drvdata
   1  [PATCH v2 06/21] PCI: keystone: Merge pci-keystone-dw.c and pci-keystone.c
   1  [PATCH v2 05/21] PCI: keystone: Remove unused argument from ks_dw_pcie_host_init()
   1  [PATCH v2 04/21] PCI: keystone: Do not initiate link training multiple times
   1  [PATCH v2 03/21] PCI: keystone: Move dw_pcie_setup_rc out of ks_pcie_establish_link()
   1  [PATCH v2 02/21] PCI: keystone: Use quirk to set MRRS for PCI host bridge
   1  [PATCH v2 01/21] PCI: keystone: Use quirk to limit MRRS for K2G
   1  [PATCH v2 00/21] PCI: Cleanup pci-keystone driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 11/19] PCI: keystone: Cleanup PHY handling


Krzysztof_Kozlowski/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Refactor resources allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/11] DT: arm64: exynos: add support for thermal trip irq-mode
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/11] thermal: add new flag irq-mode for trip point


LEAKING_ADDRESSES_Tycho_Andersen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 3/5] seccomp: add a way to get a listener fd from


LKMM_Andrea_Parri/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] fscache: Fix race in fscache_op_complete() due to


Lars-Peter_Clausen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] staging: iio: ad7816: Switch to the gpio descriptor


Laurent_Pinchart/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] media: uvcvideo: Add boottime clock support
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] media: docs-rst: Document memory-to-memory video encoder interface
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] media: docs-rst: Document memory-to-memory video decoder interface


Lorenzo_Pieralisi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 0/9] PCI: mediatek: fixup find_port, enable_msi and
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 00/21] PCI: Cleanup pci-keystone driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 11/19] PCI: keystone: Cleanup PHY handling


Luca_Coelho/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] iwlwifi: mvm: fix spelling mistake "Recieved" ->
   1  Re: [PATCH] iwlwifi: fix spelling mistake "registrating" ->


Lucas_Stach/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] irqchip: add driver for imx-irqsteer controller
   1  [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: irq: add binding for Freescale IRQSTEER multiplexer
   1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "drm/imx: don't destroy mode objects manually on


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
   2  Re: l1tf: Kernel suggests I throw away third of my memory. I'd
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] drm/i915: Mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v3 4/6] mm: Move hot-plug specific memory init into
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v3 3/6] mm: Use memblock/zone specific iterator for
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v3 2/6] mm: Drop meminit_pfn_in_nid as it is redundant
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v3 1/6] mm: Use mm_zero_struct_page from SPARC on all
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm, proc: report PR_SET_THP_DISABLE in proc
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 1/7] mm, devm_memremap_pages: Mark
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 4/4] mm: Defer ZONE_DEVICE page initialization to the
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] mm: introduce page->dma_pinned_flags, _count
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm: thp:  relax __GFP_THISNODE for MADV_HUGEPAGE


Marc_Zyngier/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V13 0/4] C-SKY(csky) Linux Intc Driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] irqchip: add driver for imx-irqsteer controller


Marcel_Holtmann/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver


Marek_Szyprowski/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 6/6] arm64: platform: Add enable Exynos Multi-Core Timer
   1  [PATCH v3 5/6] arm64: dts: exynos: Move arch-timer node to right
   1  [PATCH v3 4/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Add arch_timer cooperation
   1  [PATCH v3 3/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Refactor resources
   1  [PATCH v3 2/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Fix error path in timer
   1  [PATCH v3 1/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Remove dead code
   1  [PATCH v3 0/6] Proper arch timer support for Exynos5433-based
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Add arch_timer


Mark_Brown/
=============
   1  [PATCH] spi: pic32-sqi: don't pass GFP_DMA32 to dma_alloc_coherent
   1  [PATCH] ASoC: intel: don't pass GFP_DMA32 to dma_alloc_coherent
   1  Re: [PATCH] spi: Make GPIO CSs honour the SPI_NO_CS flag
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] driver core: add probe_err log helper
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/9] ARM: dts: tegra: last minute fixes
   1  Applied "spi: pic32-sqi: don't pass GFP_DMA32 to dma_alloc_coherent" to the spi tree
   1  Applied "ASoC: intel: don't pass GFP_DMA32 to dma_alloc_coherent" to the asoc tree


Mark_Rutland/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH] perf: Rewrite core context handling
   1  Re: [PATCH]  arm64/pvpanic-mmio : add pvpanic mmio device


Martin_K_Petersen/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] scsi: ips: fix missing break in switch
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: qla2xxx: Simplify conditional check
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: qla2xxx: Remove unnecessary self assignment
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: lpfc: fix spelling mistake "Resrouce" -> "Resource"
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: isci: Use proper enumerated type in atapi_d2h_reg_frame_handler
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: isci: Change sci_controller_start_task's return type to sci_status
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: hisi_sas: Fix spin lock management in slot_index_alloc_quirk_v2_hw()
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: bfa: Remove unused functions
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: be2iscsi: fix spelling mistake "Retreiving" -> "Retrieving"
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: aic94xx: mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] scsi: bfa: Avoid implicit enum conversion in bfad_im_post_vendor_event
   1  Re: [PATCH -next] scsi: megaraid: remove set but not used variables
   1  Re: [PATCH -next] advansys: use correct srb_tag in adv_isr_callback


Masahiro_Yamada/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kbuild: check the presence of lzo and lz4 tools when necessary
   1  Re: [PATCH] extract-vmlinux: Check for uncompressed image as fallback
   1  Re: [PATCH] Kbuild: Hide Clang's -Wempty-body behind W=1
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS


Masami_Hiramatsu/
=============
   1  [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Strip escape sequences for log file
   1  Re: perf's handling of unfindable user symbols...


Mathieu_Desnoyers/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 04/16] mm: Introduce vm_map_user_ram,
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 06/16] cpu_opv: Provide cpu_opv system call
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 03/16] sched: Implement push_task_to_cpu


Maxime_Ripard_/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 04/10] drm/sun4i: Explicitly list and check formats


Michael_Ellerman/
=============
   1  [PATCH] seq_buf: Make seq_buf_puts() NULL terminate the buffer
   1  [PATCH] powerpc/mm: don't use pte_pgprot() in ioremap_prot()
   1  Re: [PATCH] powerpc/io: remove old GCC version implementation
   1  Re: Crash on FSL Book3E due to pte_pgprot()? (was Re: [PATCH v3 12/24] powerpc/mm: use pte helpers in generic code)
   1  Crash on FSL Book3E due to pte_pgprot()? (was Re: [PATCH v3 12/24] powerpc/mm: use pte helpers in generic code)


Michael_S_Tsirkin/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] virtio_net: avoid using netif_tx_disable() for


Miroslav_Benes/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/4] arm64: implement live patching


Nadav_Amit/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 16/20] mm/balloon_compaction: list interfaces


Nicolin_Chen/
=============
   1  [PATCH 5/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Add PM runtime support
   1  [PATCH 4/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Make sure data is ready after channel enabling
   1  [PATCH 3/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Serialize sysfs ABI accesses
   1  [PATCH 2/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Return -ENODATA for two alarms attributes
   1  [PATCH 1/5] hwmon: (core) Inherit power properties to hdev
   1  [PATCH 0/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Implement PM runtime to save power


P0_linux-kernel/
=============
   5  Re: [RFC][PATCH] perf: Rewrite core context handling
   3  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86/mm/pat: Disable preemption around
   2  [SPAM] [PATCH] arm64/pvpanic-mmio : add pvpanic mmio device
   2  Re: perf's handling of unfindable user symbols...
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH 12/30] rcu: Prepare rcu_read_[un]lock_bh() for
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/7] selftests/resctrl: Add resctrl selftest
   2  Re: [BUG] perf stat: hangs with -p and process completes
   2  RE: [PATCH 1/3] x86/mm/pat: Disable preemption around
   1  [SPAM] What happens before or in
   1  [PATCH] tracing: Export trace_dump_stack to modules
   1  [PATCH] thunderbolt: Fix a missing-check bug
   1  [PATCH] scripts/gdb: fix lx-version for gdb 7.3-
   1  [PATCH] random: Debug fast init
   1  [PATCH] init/main.c: Add time stamps
   1  [PATCH v3] scripts/gdb: fix lx-version
   1  [PATCH v2] scripts/gdb: fix lx-version for gdb 7.3-
   1  [PATCH 7/7] tty: Fix section format
   1  [PATCH 6/7] tty: Remove newline after function kernel-doc
   1  [PATCH 5/7] tty: Fix spacing between kernel-doc sections
   1  [PATCH 4/7] tty: Fix kernel-doc variable typos
   1  [PATCH 3/7] tty: Partially fix kernel-docs layout
   1  [PATCH 2/7] tty: Remove trailing whitespace
   1  [PATCH 2/3] x86/fpu: Remove second definition of fpu in __fpu__restore_sig()
   1  [PATCH 2/2] nds32: Fill all TLB entries with kernel image mapping
   1  [PATCH 1/7] tty: Fix whitespace before tab warnings
   1  [PATCH 1/3] x86/mm/pat: Disable preemption around __flush_tlb_all()
   1  [PATCH 1/3 v2] x86/mm/pat: Disable preemption around
   1  [PATCH 1/2] nds32: Remove the redundant assignment
   1  [PATCH 0/7] drivers: tty: Fix kernel-docs comments
   1  [PATCH 0/2] Remove the no longer used mechanism
   1  [LKP] [mm/memory.c] 6558038e45: general_protection_fault:#[##]
   1  [0/3] A few 32bit x86 fixes
   1  Re: rcu: Kernel stack is corrupted in: perf_trace_rcu_dyntick
   1  Re: l1tf: Kernel suggests I throw away third of my memory. I'd rather
   1  Re: l1tf: Kernel suggests I throw away third of my memory. I'd
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 29/30] softirq: Make softirq processing
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 00/30] softirq: Make softirqs soft-interruptible (+
   1  Re: [RFC 00/60] Coscheduling for Linux
   1  Re: [PATCH] tracing: Use trace_clock_local() for looping in
   1  Re: [PATCH] skbuff: Mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  Re: [PATCH] scripts/gdb: fix lx-version for gdb 7.3-
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf: Add Sparc annotate support.
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 3/5] seccomp: add a way to get a listener fd from ptrace
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 10/13] arch/x86: Add AMD feature bit X86_FEATURE_MBA in
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 08/13] arch/x86: Bring few more functions into the
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 09/15] platform: goldfish: pipe: Move goldfish_pipe to goldfish_pipe_v2
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 06/15] platform: goldfish: pipe: Move memory allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v2 2/2] net: phy: mscc: fix memory leak in
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] phy: ocelot-serdes: fix out-of-bounds read
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/10] tools: Various build flags fixes
   1  Re: [Announce] LPC 2018: Testing and Fuzzing Microconference
   1  Re: Linux 4.19-rc8
   1  RFC: completion: support poll()
   1  Fate of ihex2fw tool


P1_devicetree/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: ufs: Fix the compatible string definition
   2  Re: [PATCH V13 0/4] C-SKY(csky) Linux Intc Driver
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: phy: Update SERDES_MAX to be SERDES_MAX


P1_kvm/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] KVM: VMX: enable nested virtualization by default
   2  Re: [RFC] VSOCK: The performance problem of vhost_vsock.
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 0/8] vfio/mdev: IOMMU aware mediated device
   2  Re: Avoid unneccessary %dr6 accesses in nested VM setups
   1  [PATCH] KVM/x86: Use 32bit xor to clear registers in svm.c
   1  [PATCH v6 13/13] KVM: selftests: add Enlightened VMCS test
   1  [PATCH v6 12/13] tools/headers: update kvm.h
   1  [PATCH v6 11/13] x86/kvm/nVMX: nested state migration for Enlightened VMCS
   1  [PATCH v6 10/13] KVM: selftests: state_test: test bare VMXON migration
   1  [PATCH v6 09/13] x86/kvm/nVMX: allow bare VMXON state migration
   1  [PATCH v6 08/13] x86/kvm/lapic: preserve gfn_to_hva_cache len on cache reinit
   1  [PATCH v6 07/13] x86/kvm/hyperv: don't clear VP assist pages on init
   1  [PATCH v6 06/13] KVM: nVMX: optimize prepare_vmcs02{,_full} for Enlightened VMCS case
   1  [PATCH v6 05/13] KVM: nVMX: implement enlightened VMPTRLD and VMCLEAR
   1  [PATCH v6 04/13] KVM: nVMX: add enlightened VMCS state
   1  [PATCH v6 03/13] KVM: nVMX: add KVM_CAP_HYPERV_ENLIGHTENED_VMCS capability
   1  [PATCH v6 02/13] KVM: VMX: refactor evmcs_sanitize_exec_ctrls()
   1  [PATCH v6 01/13] KVM: hyperv: define VP assist page helpers
   1  [PATCH v6 00/13] KVM: nVMX: Enlightened VMCS for Hyper-V on KVM
   1  [PATCH v3] drivers/vfio: Fix a redundant copy bug
   1  [PATCH v2 7/7] kvm: x86: Introduce KVM_CAP_EXCEPTION_PAYLOAD
   1  [PATCH v2 6/7] kvm: vmx: Defer setting of DR6 until #DB delivery
   1  [PATCH v2 5/7] kvm: x86: Defer setting of CR2 until #PF delivery
   1  [PATCH v2 4/7] kvm: x86: Add payload operands to kvm_multiple_exception
   1  [PATCH v2 3/7] kvm: x86: Add exception payload fields to kvm_vcpu_events
   1  [PATCH v2 2/7] kvm: x86: Add has_payload and payload to kvm_queued_exception
   1  [PATCH v2 1/7] KVM: Documentation: Fix omission in struct kvm_vcpu_events
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] KVM: remove the writable page for read fault case in
   1  Re: [Qemu-devel] [RFC PATCH v1 1/4] VFIO KABI for migration interface
   1  Re: [Qemu-devel] [PATCH 1/4] ptr_ring: port ptr_ring from linux
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 06/13] KVM: nVMX: optimize prepare_vmcs02{,_full} for Enlightened VMCS case
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] drivers/vfio: Fix a redundant copy bug
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 6/7] kvm: vmx: Defer setting of DR6 until #DB delivery
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next V2 6/8] vhost: packed ring support
   1  Re: [PATCH V6 1/5]  target/i386 : add coalesced pio support
   1  Re: [PATCH V5 0/3] introduce coalesced pio support
   1  KVM: x86: Only clear %dr6 if really neccessary


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   4  Re: [RFC v4 PATCH 2/5] mm/__free_one_page: skip merge for order-0
   2  Re: [RFC v4 PATCH 3/5] mm/rmqueue_bulk: alloc without touching
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/5] mm/memory_hotplug: Create add/del_device_memory
   1  [RFC v4 PATCH 5/5] mm/can_skip_merge(): make it more aggressive to attempt cluster alloc/free
   1  [RFC v4 PATCH 4/5] mm/free_pcppages_bulk: reduce overhead of cluster operation on free path
   1  [RFC v4 PATCH 3/5] mm/rmqueue_bulk: alloc without touching individual page structure
   1  [RFC v4 PATCH 2/5] mm/__free_one_page: skip merge for order-0 page unless compaction failed
   1  [RFC v4 PATCH 1/5] mm/page_alloc: use helper functions to add/remove a page to/from buddy
   1  [RFC v4 PATCH 0/5] Eliminate zone->lock contention for will-it-scale/page_fault1 and parallel free
   1  Re: [patch] mm, slab: avoid high-order slab pages when it does not
   1  Re: [RFC v4 PATCH 1/5] mm/page_alloc: use helper functions to
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm/thp: Correctly differentiate between mapped THP and
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 0/5] arm64/mm: Enable HugeTLB migration


P1_netdev/
=============
   3  Re: netconsole warning in 4.19.0-rc7


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 3/3] perf report: don't crash on invalid inline debug
   1  Re: perf's handling of unfindable user symbols...


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
   1  Re: rcu: Kernel stack is corrupted in: perf_trace_rcu_dyntick


Paul_Mackerras/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4.18 086/135] KVM: PPC: Book3S HV: Dont use


Pavel_Machek/
=============
   1  l1tf: Kernel suggests I throw away third of my memory. I'd rather not
   1  Re: l1tf: Kernel suggests I throw away third of my memory. I'd


Peter_Rosin/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] iio: dpot-dac: mark expected switch fall-through


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC][PATCH] perf: Rewrite core context handling
   2  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 2/4] printk: move printk_safe macros to printk
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86/mm/pat: Disable preemption around
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] locking/qspinlock_stat: Count instances of nested


Petr_Mladek/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 2/4] printk: move printk_safe macros to printk


Philipp_Zabel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCHv2] reset: socfpga: add an early reset driver for SoCFPGA
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] ARC: HSDK: improve reset driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] ARC: HSDK: improve reset driver


Richard_Cochran/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 00/30] softirq: Make softirqs soft-interruptible (+


Richard_Leitner/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 8/8] Input: sx8654 - convert #defined flags to BIT(x)
   1  [PATCH v2 7/8] Input: sx8654 - use common of_touchscreen functions
   1  [PATCH v2 6/8] Input: sx8654 - add sx8650 support
   1  [PATCH v2 5/8] dt-bindings: input: touchscreen: sx8654: add sx8650 to comatibles
   1  [PATCH v2 4/8] Input: sx8654 - add sx8655 and sx8656 to compatibles
   1  [PATCH v2 3/8] dt-bindings: input: touchscreen: sx8654: add compatible models
   1  [PATCH v2 2/8] Input: sx8654 - add reset-gpio support
   1  [PATCH v2 1/8] dt-bindings: input: touchscreen: sx8654: add reset-gpio property
   1  [PATCH v2 0/7] Input: sx8654 - reset-gpio, sx865[056] support, etc.
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/7] Input: sx8654 - add sx8650 support
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/7] Input: sx8654 - add reset-gpio support


Rob_Herring/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH v1 05/11] dt-bindings: regulator: Change
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: phy: Update SERDES_MAX to be SERDES_MAX
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 10/11] dt-bindings: net: ti: deprecate cpsw-phy-sel
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 04/11] dt-bindings: net: ti: cpsw: switch to use
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 02/11] dt-bindings: phy: add cpsw port interface mode
   1  Re: [RFC 1/4] pwm: sifive: Add DT documentation for SiFive PWM
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 07/11] dt-bindings: regulator: Document new
   1  Re: [PATCH V1 2/7] mmc: core: devfreq: Add devfreq based clock
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/7] dt-bindings: pinctrl: ds90ux9xx: add description of
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] ARM: dts: stm32: add thermal sensor support on STM32MP157c
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] ARM: dts: stm32: add thermal sensor support on
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] doc/layerscape-pci: removed unsuitable compatible
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] misc: hx8837: add a HiMax HX8837 display controller
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] doc/layerscape-pci: update the PCIe compatible
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] dt-bindings: stm32-thermal: add binding documentation
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: spi: add stm32 qspi controller
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: irqchip: Introduce TISCI Interrupt


Russell_King/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] [ALTERNATIVE] ARM: fix copypage functions for clang
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] driver core: add probe_err log helper


Samuel_Mendoza-Jonas/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v5] net/ncsi: Add NCSI Broadcom OEM command


Sergey_Senozhatsky/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 2/4] printk: move printk_safe macros to printk
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 04/16] mm: Introduce vm_map_user_ram,


Shuah_Khan/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Use colored output when available
   1  Re: [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Add color to the PASS / FAIL results
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/10] tools: Various build flags fixes
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH v3 3/3] code-of-conduct: Add back the


Stanimir_Varbanov/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v11 0/5] Venus updates - PIL
   1  Re: [PATCH v12 0/5] Venus updates - PIL
   1  Re: [PATCH v11 1/5] venus: firmware: add routine to reset ARM9


Stefan_Agner/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] Revert "drm/imx: don't destroy mode objects manually on
   1  [PATCH] Revert "drm/imx: don't destroy mode objects manually on driver unbind"
   1  [PATCH] ARM: remove naked function usage
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input operands


Stefan_Wahren/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/9] ASoC: dt-bindings: bcm2835-rpi: add onboard audio
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] staging: vc04_services: Some dead code removal


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] clk: imx7d: remove CLK_IS_CRITICAL flag for arm_a7_root_clk
   2  RE: [PATCH 2/2] clk: imx: imx7d: remove clks_init_on array
   1  [GIT PULL] clk fixes for v4.19-rc8
   1  Re: protected pins and debugfs
   1  Re: [PATCH] tty: serial: qcom_geni_serial: Don't slow all ports just for kgdb
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: rockchip: Fix static checker warning in
   1  Re: [PATCH v7] clk: qcom: Add lpass clock controller driver for SDM845
   1  Re: [PATCH v6] clk: qcom: Add lpass clock controller driver for SDM845
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/6] clk: qoriq: increase array size of cmux_to_group
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] clk: qcom: Add Global Clock controller (GCC) driver for SDM660
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 9/9] clk: actions: Add Actions Semi S900 SoC Reset Management
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 8/9] clk: actions: Add Actions Semi S700 SoC Reset Management
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 7/9] clk: actions: Add Actions Semi Owl SoCs Reset Management
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 6/9] arm64: dts: actions: Add Reset Controller support for
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/9] dt-bindings: reset: Add binding constants for Actions
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/9] dt-bindings: reset: Add binding constants for Actions
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/9] dt-bindings: clock: Add reset controller bindings for
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/9] clk: actions: Cache regmap info in private clock
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] clk: tegra: probe deferral error reporting
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] clk: s2mps11: Fix matching when built as module and DT node
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] clk: mvebu: armada-37xx-tbg: Switch to clk_get and balance it
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] clk: Add Ingenic jz4725b CGU driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/4] dt-bindings: clock: Add jz4725b-cgu.h header
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/4] dt-bindings: clock: ingenic: Explicitly list compatible
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] phy: qcom-qusb2: Fix HSTX_TRIM tuning with fused value
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] clk: qcom: gcc: Add global clock controller driver for
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] clk: ingenic: Add proper Kconfig entries
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] phy: qcom-qusb2: Use HSTX_TRIM fused value as is
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] clk: qcom: Export clk_alpha_pll_configure()
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 8/8] clk: qcom: Add ACD path to CPU clock driver for msm8996
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 6/8] clk: qcom: cpu-8996: Add support to switch to alternate
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 4/8] clk: qcom: Add CPU clock driver for msm8996
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 3/8] clk: Use devm_ in the register fixed factor clock
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 2/8] clk: qcom: Make clk_alpha_pll_configure available to
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 0/3] CPU clock changes for Tegra20/30
   1  Re: [PATCH V6 3/4] clk: add managed version of clk_bulk_get_all
   1  Re: [PATCH V6 2/4] clk: add new APIs to operate on all available clocks
   1  Re: [PATCH V6 1/4] clk: bulk: add of_clk_bulk_get()
   1  Re: [PATCH V2] clk: tegra: Return the exact clock rate from clk_round_rate
   1  Re: [PATCH V12 00/14] Krait clocks + Krait CPUfreq
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/4] clk: hisilicon: Add clock driver for Hi3670 SoC
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/6] dt-bindings: ap806: add the cluster clock node in the syscon
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] dt-bindings: clk: hisilicon: Add bindings for Hi3670 clk
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] clk: imx: cpu clock should be always critical
   1  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs


Steve_Longerbeam/
=============
   1  [PATCH] gpu: ipu-v3: Fix CSI offsets for imx53
   1  [PATCH v5 12/12] media: imx.rst: Update doc to reflect fixes to interlaced capture
   1  [PATCH v5 11/12] media: imx: Allow interweave with top/bottom lines swapped
   1  [PATCH v5 10/12] media: imx-csi: Move crop/compose reset after filling default mbus fields
   1  [PATCH v5 09/12] media: imx: vdic: rely on VDIC for correct field order
   1  [PATCH v5 08/12] media: imx-csi: Allow skipping odd chroma rows for YVU420
   1  [PATCH v5 07/12] media: imx: interweave and odd-chroma-row skip are incompatible
   1  [PATCH v5 06/12] media: imx-csi: Double crop height for alternate fields at sink
   1  [PATCH v5 05/12] media: imx-csi: Input connections to CSI should be optional
   1  [PATCH v5 04/12] media: imx: Fix field negotiation
   1  [PATCH v5 03/12] gpu: ipu-v3: Add planar support to interlaced scan
   1  [PATCH v5 02/12] gpu: ipu-csi: Swap fields according to input/output field types
   1  [PATCH v5 01/12] media: videodev2.h: Add more field helper macros


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
   7  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 04/16] mm: Introduce vm_map_user_ram,
   2  Re: [PATCH] seq_buf: Make seq_buf_puts() NULL terminate the buffer
   2  Re: [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Use colored output when available
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH] x86: ptrace: Add function argument access API
   1  Re: [PATCHv2 01/10] tools lib traceevent: Use LDFLAGS in the build
   1  Re: [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Add color to the PASS / FAIL results


Sudeep_Holla/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] cacheinfo: Keep the old value if of_property_read_u32
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] perf: arm_spe: Enable automatic DT loading


Suganath_Prabu_Subramani/
=============
   1  [v5 4/4] mpt3sas: Bump driver version to 27.100.00.00.
   1  [v5 3/4] mpt3sas:Fix driver modifying persistent data.
   1  [v5 2/4] mpt3sas: Fix Sync cache command failure during driver unload
   1  [v5 1/4] mpt3sas: Separate out mpt3sas_wait_for_ioc_to_operational
   1  [v5 0/4] mpt3sas: Hot-Plug Surprise removal support on IOC.


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no eligible task.
   1  Re: [PATCH] kernel/{lockdep,hung_task}: Show locks and backtrace of
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] printk: Add line-buffered printk() API.


Tejun_Heo/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v14 12/12] cpuset: Show descriptive text when reading


Theodore_Tso/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ext4: direct return when jinode allocate failed


Thierry_Reding/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC 1/4] pwm: sifive: Add DT documentation for SiFive PWM


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86/mm/pat: Disable preemption around
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] x86/cpufeature: Add facility to match microcode


Thor_Thayer/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/4] Add SOCFPGA System Manager


Tobin_C_Harding/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] drivers: tty: Fix kernel-docs comments


Uwe_Kleine-König/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC] err.h: document that PTR_ERR should only be used if


VFS_Alexander_Viro/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC] err.h: document that PTR_ERR should only be used if


Vinod_Koul/
=============
   1  Re: [[PATCH] 8/9] DMA-UART-Driver-for-AST2500


Vladimir_Zapolskiy/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/7] mfd: ds90ux9xx: add TI DS90Ux9xx de-/serializer MFD


William_Breathitt_Gray/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v4 3/8] gpio: 104-dio-48e: Utilize
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 00/11] Introduce the Counter subsystem


Wolfram_Sang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] x86: baytrail/cherrytrail: Rework and move P-Unit


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v8 0/3] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86: remove redundant 'default n' from Kconfig-s
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 03/27] x86/fpu/xstate: Introduce XSAVES system states
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/11] x86/fpu: make __raw_xsave_addr() use feature


Zhenyu_Wang/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 6/6] drm/i915/gvt: Add new type with aggregation support
   1  [PATCH v3 5/6] Documentation/ABI/testing/sysfs-bus-vfio-mdev: Update for vfio/mdev aggregation support
   1  [PATCH v3 4/6] Documentation/vfio-mediated-device.txt: Update for vfio/mdev aggregation support
   1  [PATCH v3 3/6] vfio/mdev: Add "aggregated_instances" attribute for supported mdev device
   1  [PATCH v3 2/6] vfio/mdev: Add "aggregation" attribute for supported mdev type
   1  [PATCH v3 1/6] vfio/mdev: Add new "aggregate" parameter for mdev create
   1  [PATCH v3 0/6] VFIO mdev aggregated resources handling


ath10k/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/4] ath10k: snoc: remove 'wcn3990' from generic resource handling
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/4] ath10k: snoc: fix unbalanced clock error handling


atmel_ecc_Tudor_Ambarus/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP SPI


brcm80211-dev-list/
=============
   1  [PATCH] brcmfmac: fix spelling mistake "Retreiving" -> "Retrieving"


cgroups/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v14 12/12] cpuset: Show descriptive text when reading


containers/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/1] ns: add binfmt_misc to the user namespace
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/3] namei: implement various lookup restriction AT_*


dmaengine/
=============
   1  [v9 7/7] dt-bindings: fsl-qdma: Add NXP Layerscpae qDMA controller bindings
   1  [v9 6/7] arm64: dts: ls1046a: add qdma device tree nodes
   1  [v9 5/7] arm64: dts: ls1043a: add qdma device tree nodes
   1  [v9 4/7] arm: dts: ls1021a: add qdma device tree nodes
   1  [v9 3/7] dmaengine: fsl-qdma: Add qDMA controller driver for Layerscape SoCs
   1  [v9 2/7] dmaengine: fsldma: Adding macro FSL_DMA_IN/OUT implement for ARM platform
   1  [v9 1/7] dmaengine: fsldma: Replace DMA_IN/OUT by FSL_DMA_IN/OUT
   1  [PATCH v2] add support for Mediatek Command-Queue DMA controller on MT6765 SoC 
   1  [PATCH 2/2] dmaengine: mediatek: Add MediaTek Command-Queue DMA controller for MT6765 SoC
   1  [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: dmaengine: Add MediaTek Command-Queue DMA controller bindings


dri-devel/
=============
   6  Re: [PATCH v2] drm/drm_vblank: Change EINVAL by the correct errno
   4  [PATCH] powerpc/mm: don't use pte_pgprot() in ioremap_prot()
   4  Re: Crash on FSL Book3E due to pte_pgprot()? (was Re: [PATCH v3
   2  [PATCH] powerpc/mm: Make pte_pgprot return all pte bits
   2  [PATCH] powerpc/book3e: redefine pte_mkprivileged() and 
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the char-misc tree with the drm tree
   1  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the char-misc tree with the drm tree
   1  Re: [RFC v1 00/31] kunit: Introducing KUnit, the Linux kernel unit
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/sti: clean up after drm_atomic_helper_shutdown rework
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/bufs: Fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "drm/imx: don't destroy mode objects manually on
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/8] cpufreq: tegra186: don't pass GFP_DMA32 to dma_alloc_coherent
   1  Re: Crash on FSL Book3E due to pte_pgprot()? (was Re: [PATCH v3 12/24] powerpc/mm: use pte helpers in generic code)


embeddedor_com/
=============
   1  [PATCH] scsi: lpfc: Mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH] scsi: bfa: Mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH] drm/nouveau/nvkm: mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH] afs: Mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH v2] scsi: mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH net-next] net: skbuff.h: Mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH net-next v3 2/2] net: phy: mscc: fix memory leak in
   1  [PATCH net-next v3 1/2] net: phy: mscc: fix signedness bug in
   1  [PATCH net-next v3 0/2] fix signedness bug and memory leak in mscc
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/bufs: Fix Spectre v1 vulnerability


intel-gfx/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] shmem, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
   1  [PATCH 2/2] drm/i915: Mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
   1  [PATCH 1/2] shmem: export shmem_unlock_mapping
   1  [PATCH 0/2] shmem, drm/i915: Mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] drm/i915: Mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable


intel-wired-lan/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] ixgbe: fix XFRM_ALGO dependency


kernel-hardening/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] seq_buf: Make seq_buf_puts() NULL terminate the buffer


kvm-arm/
=============
   2  [PATCH] ARM: remove naked function usage
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input operands
   1  [[PATCH] 8/9] DMA-UART-Driver-for-AST2500
   1  [[PATCH] 4/9] Documentation-DTbindings-DMA-controller-of-AST2500
   1  [[PATCH] 2/9] Defconfig-changes-for-DMA-UART-of-AST2500
   1  [[PATCH] 1/9] DT-changes-for-DMA-UART-of-AST2500
   1  [[PATCH] 0/9] *** DMA support for UART in ASPEED's AST2500  ***
   1  [PATCH v3 7/7] arm/kvm: arm64: Add a vcpu feature for pointer authentication
   1  [PATCH v3 6/7] arm64: docs: document KVM support of pointer authentication
   1  [PATCH v3 5/7] arm64/kvm: control accessibility of ptrauth key registers
   1  [PATCH v3 4/7] arm64/kvm: enable pointer authentication cpufeature conditionally
   1  [PATCH v3 3/7] arm64/kvm: add a userspace option to enable pointer authentication
   1  [PATCH v3 2/7] arm64/kvm: context-switch ptrauth registers
   1  [PATCH v3 1/7] arm64/kvm: preserve host HCR_EL2 value
   1  [PATCH v3 0/7] Add ARMv8.3 pointer authentication for kvm guest
   1  [PATCH 2/2] writeback: don't decrement wb->refcnt if !wb->bdi
   1  [PATCH 1/2] serial: set suppress_bind_attrs flag only if builtin
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 11/17] arm64: docs: document pointer authentication
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/4] driver core: add deferring probe reason to
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 9/9] ASoC: tegra_sgtl5000: fix platform name vs.
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/9] ARM: dts: tegra: last minute fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] driver core: add probe_err log helper


kvm-ppc/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH kernel 3/3] vfio_pci: Add NVIDIA GV100GL [Tesla V100 SXM2]


linux-acpi/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v4 3/4] perf/smmuv3: Add MSI irq support
   1  [PATCH v9 8/8] x86/boot/KASLR: Limit kaslr to choosing the immovable memory
   1  [PATCH v9 7/8] x86/boot/KASLR: Walk srat tables to filter immovable memory
   1  [PATCH v9 6/8] x86/boot: Dig out SRAT table from RSDP and find immovable memory
   1  [PATCH v9 5/8] x86/boot: Add get_acpi_rsdp() to parse RSDP in cmdlien from kexec
   1  [PATCH v9 4/8] x86/boot: Add bios_get_rsdp_addr() to search RSDP in memory
   1  [PATCH v9 3/8] x86/boot: Add efi_get_rsdp_addr() to dig out RSDP from EFI table
   1  [PATCH v9 2/8] x86/boot: Copy kstrtoull() to compressed period
   1  [PATCH v9 1/8] x86/boot: Introduce cmdline_find_option_arg()to detect if option=arg in cmdline
   1  [PATCH v9 0/8] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr in immovable memory
   1  Re: issues with suspend on Dell XPS 13 2-in-1
   1  Re: [PATCH] ACPI: TAD: Add low-level support for real time capability
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 1/3] x86/boot: Add acpitb.c to parse acpi tables
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 0/3] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/1] ACPI / scan: Create platform device for INT33FE ACPI nodes
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 3/4] perf/smmuv3: Add MSI irq support


linux-api/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 06/16] cpu_opv: Provide cpu_opv system call
   1  [PATCH v3 2/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] sysctl: handle overflow in proc_get_long
   1  [PATCH v3 0/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] sysctl: handle overflow in proc_get_long
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 04/16] mm: Introduce vm_map_user_ram,
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 03/16] sched: Implement push_task_to_cpu (v2)
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] sysctl: handle overflow in proc_get_long
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max


linux-arch/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v7 0/8] arm64: untag user pointers passed to the kernel
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v4 21/27] x86/cet/shstk: ELF header parsing of
   1  Re: [PATCH] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arm64: perf: set suppress_bind_attrs flag to true
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] driver core: add deferring probe reason to
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] driver core: add probe_err log helper


linux-aspeed/
=============
   1  [PATCH net-next v5] net/ncsi: Add NCSI Broadcom OEM command


linux-block/
=============
   2  Re: [BUG] ext4/block null pointer crashes in linux-next
   1  [PATCH V2 2/3] blk-mq: retrieve bios before update nr_hw_queues
   1  [PATCH V2 1/3] blk-mq: introduce bio retrieve mechanism
   1  [PATCH V2 0/3] blk-mq: introduce bio retrieve mechanism


linux-bluetooth/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/2] Bluetooth: Add device_get_bd_address()


linux-btrfs/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] btrfs: Fix the return value in case of error in


linux-clk/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v6] clk: qcom: Add lpass clock controller driver for
   1  [PATCH 2/2] clk: imx7d: remove CLK_IS_CRITICAL flag for
   1  [PATCH 1/2] clk: imx: cpu clock should be always critical
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 6/9] arm64: dts: actions: Add Reset Controller support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] clk: tegra20: Enable lock-status polling for PLLs
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/4] Add clock support for Hi3670 SoC


linux-crypto/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] crypto: inside-secure: safexcel - fix memory allocation
   1  [PATCH v4 4/4] ARM: imx_v6_v7_defconfig: Enable CRYPTO_DEV_MXS_DCP
   1  [PATCH v4 3/4] ARM: dts: imx6ull: Add dcp node
   1  [PATCH v4 2/4] crypto: mxs-dcp - Add support for dcp clk
   1  [PATCH v4 1/4] dt-bindings: crypto: Mention clocks for mxs-dcp
   1  [PATCH v4 0/4] Port mxs-dcp to imx6ull and imx6sll
   1  [PATCH 3/3] crypto: qce: ice: Add support for Inline Crypto Engine
   1  [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: Add ICE device specific parameters
   1  [PATCH 1/3] firmware: qcom: scm: Update qcom_scm_call signature
   1  [PATCH 0/3] Add Inline Crypto Engine (ICE) driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/4] crypto: mxs-dcp - Add support for dcp clk
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/4] crypto: mxs-dcp - Add support for dcp clk
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] crypto: streebog - add Streebog test vectors
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] crypto: streebog - add Streebog hash function


linux-doc/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] docs: Introduce deprecated APIs list
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC] doc: rcu: remove obsolete (non-)requirement about
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] IDA/IDR fixes for 4.19


linux-fsdevel/
=============
   2  [PATCH] fs: ufs: Remove switch statement from ufs_set_de_type
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] mm: Add an F_SEAL_FS_WRITE seal to memfd
   2  Re: [PATCH 31/34] vfs: syscall: Add fspick() to select a superblock
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] mm: introduce page->dma_pinned_flags, _count
   1  RE: [PATCH] fs: ufs: Remove switch statement from ufs_set_de_type


linux-gpio/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC 1/4] pwm: sifive: Add DT documentation for SiFive PWM
   1  [PATCH] selftests: gpio: Find libmount with pkg-config if available
   1  Re: protected pins and debugfs
   1  Re: [RFC 4/4] gpio: sifive: Add GPIO driver for SiFive SoCs


linux-iio/
=============
   1  [PATCH][V2] iio: adc: ina2xx: add in early -EINVAL returns in case statements
   1  [PATCH] staging: iio: ad7280a: Lines should not end with a '(' -
   1  [PATCH] Staging iio/adc: fixes parenthesis alignment
   1  [PATCH v2] staging: iio: ad7816: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  Re: [PATCH][V2] iio: adc: ina2xx: add in early -EINVAL returns in case statements
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: iio: adc: Add comments to prevent checks
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: iio: ad7816: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: iio: ad7280a: Lines should not end with a '(' - style
   1  Re: [PATCH] Staging iio/adc: fixes parenthesis alignment
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/3] iio: magnetometer: Add driver support for PNI
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] staging: iio: ad7816: Switch to the gpio descriptor


linux-input/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] Input: uinput - fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  [RESEND PATCH V7 3/3] Input: new da7280 haptic driver
   1  [RESEND PATCH V7 2/3] dt-bindings: input: Add document bindings for
   1  [RESEND PATCH V7 1/3] MAINTAINERS: da7280 updates to the Dialog
   1  [RESEND PATCH V7 0/3]  da7280: haptic driver submission
   1  [PATCH] Revert "HID: add NOGET quirk for Eaton Ellipse MAX UPS"
   1  Re: [PATCH] Input: synaptics - avoid using uninitialized variable


linux-kbuild/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kbuild: check the presence of lzo and lz4 tools when
   1  [PATCH 4/4] Changes macro usage to avoid shadowing a variable.
   1  [PATCH 3/4] kbuild: Removes unnecessary shadowed local variable and
   1  [PATCH 2/4] Renames variable to fix shadow warning.
   1  [PATCH 1/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS
   1  [PATCH 0/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS
   1  Re: [PATCH] Kbuild: Hide Clang's -Wempty-body behind W=1
   1  Re: [Lkcamp] [PATCH 4/4] Changes macro usage to avoid shadowing a
   1  Re: [Lkcamp] [PATCH 3/4] kbuild: Removes unnecessary shadowed local
   1  Re: [Lkcamp] [PATCH 2/4] Renames variable to fix shadow warning.
   1  Re: [Lkcamp] [PATCH 1/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS
   1  Re: [Lkcamp] [PATCH 0/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS


linux-kselftest/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Use colored output when available
   1  [PATCH] selftests/ftrace: Use colored output when available


linux-media/
=============
   2  Re: i.MX6 MIPI-CSI2 OV5640 Camera testing on Mainline Linux
   1  [PATCH] media: uvcvideo: Add boottime clock support
   1  [PATCH v12 5/5] dt-bindings: media: Document bindings for venus firmware device
   1  [PATCH v12 4/5] venus: firmware: add no TZ boot and shutdown routine
   1  [PATCH v12 3/5] venus: firmware: register separate platform_device for firmware loader
   1  [PATCH v12 2/5] venus: firmware: move load firmware in a separate function
   1  [PATCH v12 1/5] venus: firmware: add routine to reset ARM9
   1  [PATCH v12 0/5] Venus updates - PIL 
   1  Re: [linux-sunxi] [PATCH v11 1/2] dt-bindings: media: Add Allwinner
   1  Re: [PATCH] media: uvcvideo: Add boottime clock support
   1  Re: [PATCH v11 0/5] Venus updates - PIL


linux-mediatek/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 2/9] PCI: Using PCI configuration space header type


linux-mips/
=============
   1  Re: Bug report: MIPS CI20/jz4740-mmc DMA and PREEMPT_NONE


linux-mmc/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 1/3] mmc: sdhci: Allow platform controlled voltage switching
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 2/2] mmc: sdhci-msm: Re-initialize DLL if MCLK is gated dynamically


linux-mtd/
=============
   5  RE: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP SPI
   3  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP SPI
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP=
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP SPI NOR
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform


linux-next/
=============
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the net-next tree with the net tree
   1  linux-next: Tree for Oct 17
   1  Re: linux-next: build failure after merge of the vfs tree
   1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 17 (x86; jump labels ?; x86 macros?;


linux-nvdimm/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 4/4] mm: Defer ZONE_DEVICE page initialization to the


linux-omap/
=============
   1  [RFC PATCH net-next 4/4] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: fix vlan configuration while down/up
   1  [RFC PATCH net-next 3/4] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: fix vlan mcast
   1  [RFC PATCH net-next 2/4] net: 8021q: vlan_core: allow use list of vlans for real device
   1  [RFC PATCH net-next 1/4] net: core: dev_addr_lists: add auxiliary func to handle reference address updates
   1  [RFC PATCH net-next 0/4] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: fix vlan mcast


linux-parisc/
=============
   1  linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commits in the parisc-hd tree


linux-pci/
=============
   2  Re: [v5 1/4] mpt3sas: Separate out mpt3sas_wait_for_ioc_to_operational
   1  Re: [v5 3/4] mpt3sas:Fix driver modifying persistent data.
   1  Re: [v5 2/4] mpt3sas: Fix Sync cache command failure during driver unload
   1  Re: [PATCH] PCI: make pci_size() return real size


linux-perf-users/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] perf report: don't crash on invalid inline debug


linux-pm/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 00/11] thermal: add new flag irq-mode for trip point
   1  [PATCH v4] kernel/hung_task.c: disable on suspend
   1  [PATCH v3] kernel/hung_task.c: disable on suspend
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/7] Introduce thermal pressure
   1  Re: [PATCH] power: reset: at91-reset: enable I-cache for at91sam9260_reset
   1  Re: [PATCH] power: reset: at91-reset: enable I-cache for
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] kernel/hung_task.c: disable on suspend
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] cpuidle: menu: Two more refinements


linux-pwm/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v5 1/9] pwm: extend PWM framework with PWM modes
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v5 0/9] extend PWM framework to support PWM modes


linux-remoteproc/
=============
   1  [PATCH v5 5/5] remoteproc: qcom: q6v5-mss: Register segments/dumpfn for coredump
   1  [PATCH v5 4/5] remoteproc: qcom: q6v5-mss: Add custom dump function for modem
   1  [PATCH v5 3/5] remoteproc: qcom: q6v5-mss: Refactor mba load/unload sequence
   1  [PATCH v5 2/5] remoteproc: Add mechanism for custom dump function assignment
   1  [PATCH v5 1/5] remoteproc: Introduce custom dump function for each remoteproc segment
   1  [PATCH v5 0/5] Add coredump support for Q6v5 Modem remoteproc


linux-renesas-soc/
=============
   2  RE: [PATCH v2 3/3] thermal: da9062/61: Prevent hardware access
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] thermal: da9062/61: Prevent hardware access during


linux-rpi-kernel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/9] ASoC: dt-bindings: bcm2835-rpi: add onboard audio


linux-scsi/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH -next] advansys: remove set but not used variable
   2  RE: [PATCH V15 2/2] scsi: ufs: Add configfs support for UFS
   1  [PATCH] scsi: lpfc: fix spelling mistake "Resrouce" -> "Resource"
   1  [PATCH] scsi: be2iscsi: fix spelling mistake "Retreiving" -> "Retrieving"
   1  [PATCH -next] advansys: remove set but not used variable 'srb_tag' in adv_isr_callback
   1  [EXT] [PATCH V15 2/2] scsi: ufs: Add configfs support for UFS
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: aic94xx: mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  Re: [PATCH -next] advansys: use correct srb_tag in adv_isr_callback


linux-security-module/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v6 03/20] tpm: factor out tpm 1.x duration calculation to
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 20/21] tpm1: reimplement tpm1_continue_selftest() using


linux-serial/
=============
  14  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs
   3  [RFC] pstore: allocate compression during late_initcall
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 2/4] printk: move printk_safe macros to printk
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 1/4] panic: avoid deadlocks in re-entrant console
   1  Re: [PATCH] tty: serial: qcom_geni_serial: Rectify UART suspend mechanism
   1  Re: [PATCH] tty: serial: qcom_geni_serial: Don't slow all ports just
   1  Re: [PATCH] tty: serial: qcom_geni_serial: Add suspend support to non
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/1] serial: imx - Add dma buffer confugration via


linux-snps-arc/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] clocksource/drivers/arc_timer: Utilize generic sched_clock
   1  Re: [PATCH] clocksource/drivers/arc_timer: Utilize generic sched=
   1  Re: [PATCH] clocksource/drivers/arc_timer: Utilize generic
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARC: IOC: panic if kernel was started with previously
   1  RE: [PATCH] clocksource/drivers/arc_timer: Utilize generic


linux-spi/
=============
   1  [PATCH v6 2/2] dt-binding: spi: Document Macronix controller bindings
   1  [PATCH v6 1/2] spi: Add MXIC controller driver
   1  [PATCH v6 0/2] spi: Add Macronix controller driver
   1  Re: [PATCH] spi: Make GPIO CSs honour the SPI_NO_CS flag


linux-tegra/
=============
   1  [PATCH] kmemleak: Add config to select auto scan
   1  [PATCH 2/2] arm64: dts: tegra186: Enable IOMMU for SDHCI
   1  [PATCH 1/2] arm64: dts: tegra186: Add dma-ranges to avoid using bounce buffers


linux-tip-commits/
=============
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/fpu: Remove second definition of fpu in
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/fpu: Fix i486 + no387 boot crash by only
   1  [tip:sched/core] sched/completions/Documentation: Add
   1  [tip:perf/core] perf/x86/intel: Export mem events only if there's
   1  [tip:locking/core] x86/asm: 'Simplify' GEN_*_RMWcc() macros
   1  [tip:locking/core] locking/qspinlock_stat: Count instances of
   1  [tip:locking/core] locking/qspinlock: Rework some comments
   1  [tip:locking/core] locking/qspinlock: Re-order code
   1  [tip:locking/core] locking/qspinlock, x86: Provide liveness
   1  [tip:locking/core] locking/pvqspinlock: Extend node size when


linux-um/
=============
   1  Re: Bad MAINTAINERS pattern in section 'USER-MODE LINUX (UML)'


linux-usb/
=============
   1  [PATCH] usbip: tools: fix atoi() on non-null terminated string
   1  SMSC9730 Autosuspend/Resume Questions
   1  RE: [PATCH] xhci: remove the unused sw_lpm_support


linux-wireless/
=============
   1  [PATCH 3/3] nfc: pn532_uart: Make use of pn532 autopoll
   1  [PATCH 2/3] nfc: pn533: Add autopoll capability
   1  [PATCH 1/3] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver


linuxppc-dev/
=============
   1  [PATCH] powerpc/book3e: redefine pte_mkprivileged() and pte_mkuser()
   1  [PATCH] memblock: fix missed uses of implicit aligment
   1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 15
   1  Re: [PATCH] powerpc/book3e: redefine pte_mkprivileged() and
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 21/22] powerpc/nohash32: allow setting GUARDED


lwn/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 00/30] softirq: Make softirqs soft-interruptible (+
   1  Re: [PATCH] docs: Introduce deprecated APIs list


osuosl-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/7] staging: vc04_services: Some dead code removal
   1  [PATCH v3] staging: nrf24: add new driver for 2.4GHz radio


sparclinux/
=============
   5  Re: [mm PATCH v3 1/6] mm: Use mm_zero_struct_page from SPARC on all
   3  Re: [mm PATCH v3 2/6] mm: Drop meminit_pfn_in_nid as it is redundant
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v3 4/6] mm: Move hot-plug specific memory init into
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v3 3/6] mm: Use memblock/zone specific iterator for
   1  RE: [mm PATCH v3 1/6] mm: Use mm_zero_struct_page from SPARC on all


virtualization/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3] virtio_net: avoid using netif_tx_disable() for serializing tx routine
   1  [PATCH v2] virtio_net: avoid using netif_tx_disable() for serializing tx routine


x86_Andy_Lutomirski/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86/mm/pat: Disable preemption around __flush_tlb_all()
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] x86/fpu: Remove second definition of fpu in __fpu__restore_sig()


xen-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH V2] xen-swiotlb: use actually allocated size on check physical


