
Adam_Radford/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] scsi: 3w-{sas,9xxx}: Use unsigned char for cdb


Alexandre_Belloni/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] rtc: s35390a: Make buf an unsigned char in s35390a_init


Andrew_Lunn/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] net: ethernet: fec: Add missing SPEED_


Ard_Biesheuvel/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 10/12] crypto: arm/nhpoly1305 - add
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 09/12] crypto: nhpoly1305 - add NHPoly1305 support
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 11/12] crypto: adiantum - add Adiantum support
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 08/12] crypto: poly1305 - add Poly1305 core API
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 07/12] crypto: arm/chacha - add XChaCha12 support
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 06/12] crypto: arm/chacha20 - refactor to allow
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 05/12] crypto: arm/chacha20 - add XChaCha20 support
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 00/12] crypto: Adiantum support
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/4] arm64: implement live patching


Bart_Van_Assche/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi/ata: Use unsigned int for cmd's type in ioctls in


Bjorn_Andersson/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 0/5] Add coredump support for Q6v5 Modem remoteproc


Catalin_Marinas/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] arm64 updated for 4.20


Dave_Hansen/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 05/11] x86/fpu: set PKRU state for kernel threads


David_Howells/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 03/34] teach move_mount(2) to work with OPEN_TREE_CLONE [ver #12]
   1  [PATCH 24/24] afs: Probe multiple fileservers simultaneously
   1  [PATCH 23/24] afs: Fix callback handling
   1  [PATCH 22/24] afs: Eliminate the address pointer from the address
   1  [PATCH 21/24] afs: Allow dumping of server cursor on operation
   1  [PATCH 20/24] afs: Implement YFS support in the fs client
   1  [PATCH 19/24] afs: Expand data structure fields to support YFS
   1  [PATCH 18/24] afs: Get the target vnode in afs_rmdir() and get a
   1  [PATCH 17/24] afs: Calc callback expiry in op reply delivery
   1  [PATCH 16/24] afs: Fix FS.FetchStatus delivery from updating wrong
   1  [PATCH 15/24] afs: Implement the YFS cache manager service
   1  [PATCH 14/24] afs: Remove callback details from afs_callback_break
   1  [PATCH 13/24] afs: Commit the status on a new file/dir/symlink
   1  [PATCH 12/24] afs: Increase to 64-bit volume ID and 96-bit vnode ID
   1  [PATCH 11/24] afs: Don't invoke the server to read data beyond EOF
   1  [PATCH 10/24] afs: Add a couple of tracepoints to log I/O errors
   1  [PATCH 09/24] afs: Handle EIO from delivery function
   1  [PATCH 08/24] afs: Fix TTL on VL server and address lists
   1  [PATCH 07/24] afs: Implement VL server rotation
   1  [PATCH 06/24] afs: Improve FS server rotation error handling
   1  [PATCH 05/24] afs: Set up the iov_iter before calling
   1  [PATCH 04/24] afs: Better tracing of protocol errors
   1  [PATCH 03/24] iov_iter: Add I/O discard iterator
   1  [PATCH 02/24] iov_iter: Renumber the ITER_* constants in uio.h
   1  [PATCH 01/24] iov_iter: Separate type from direction and use
   1  [PATCH 00/24] AFS development
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 6/5] statx: add STATX_RESULT_MASK flag


David_S_Miller/
=============
   1  perf overlapping maps...
   1  perf handling of unknown symbols...
   1  Re: perf overlapping maps...
   1  Re: netconsole warning in 4.19.0-rc7
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 net-next 0/2] Add support for Microchip Technology


Dennis_Zhou/
=============
   2  Re: [BUG] ext4/block null pointer crashes in linux-next


Dmitry_Torokhov/
=============
   1  [git pull] Input updates for v4.19-rc8


Eddie_James/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v4 2/2] media: platform: Add Aspeed Video Engine driver


Fabio_Estevam/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx6ul: ccimx6ulsom: Add support for wireless


Florian_Fainelli/
=============
   1  [PATCH] spi: Allow building SPI_BCM63XX_HSSPI on ARM-based SoCs


Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 4.18 00/53] 4.18.16-stable review
   1  [PATCH 7/7] MAINTAINERS: Add an entry for the code of conduct
   1  [PATCH 6/7] Code of Conduct: Change the contact email address
   1  [PATCH 5/7] Code of Conduct Interpretation: Put in the proper URL
   1  [PATCH 4/7] Code of Conduct: Provide links between the two documents
   1  [PATCH 3/7] Code of Conduct Interpretation: Properly reference the
   1  [PATCH 2/7] Code of Conduct Interpretation: Add document explaining
   1  [PATCH 1/7] Code of conduct: Fix wording around maintainers
   1  [PATCH 0/7] Code of Conduct: Fix some wording, and add an
   1  [GIT PULL] USB driver fixes for 4.19-final
   1  Re: [git pull] drm fixes for 4.19 final (part 2)
   1  Re: [git pull] Input updates for v4.19-rc8
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] staging: gasket: page_table: add mapping flags
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] [GIT PULL] tracing: A few small fixes to synthetic
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] x86 fixes
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] scheduler fixes
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] perf fixes
   1  Re: Linux 4.9.135
   1  Re: Linux 4.4.162
   1  Re: Linux 4.18.16
   1  Re: Linux 4.14.78
   1  Linux 4.9.135
   1  Linux 4.4.162
   1  Linux 4.18.16
   1  Linux 4.14.78


Grygorii_Strashko/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: don't flush mcast


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
   1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 19


Hans_de_Goede/
=============
   1  [PATCH] platform/x86: touchscreen_dmi: Add min-x and min-y settings for various models


Helen_Koike/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] boot to a mapped device


INTEL_MANAGEMENT_ENGINE_Tomas_Winkler/
=============
   1  [PATCH v7 21/21] tpm: use u32 instead of int for PCR index
   1  [PATCH v7 20/21] tpm1: reimplement tpm1_continue_selftest() using tpm_buf
   1  [PATCH v7 19/21] tpm1: reimplement SAVESTATE using tpm_buf
   1  [PATCH v7 18/21] tpm1: rename tpm1_pcr_read_dev to tpm1_pcr_read()
   1  [PATCH v7 17/21] tpm1: implement tpm1_pcr_read_dev() using tpm_buf structure
   1  [PATCH v7 16/21] tpm: tpm1: rewrite tpm1_get_random() using tpm_buf structure
   1  [PATCH v7 15/21] tpm: tpm-space.c remove unneeded semicolon
   1  [PATCH v7 14/21] tpm: tpm-interface.c drop unused macros
   1  [PATCH v7 13/21] tpm: add tpm_auto_startup() into tpm-interface.c
   1  [PATCH v7 12/21] tpm: factor out tpm_startup function
   1  [PATCH v7 11/21] tpm: factor out tpm 1.x pm suspend flow into tpm1-cmd.c
   1  [PATCH v7 10/21] tpm: move tpm 1.x selftest code from tpm-interface.c tpm1-cmd.c
   1  [PATCH v7 09/21] tpm: factor out tpm1_get_random into tpm1-cmd.c
   1  [PATCH v7 08/21] tpm: move tpm_getcap to tpm1-cmd.c
   1  [PATCH v7 07/21] tpm: move tpm1_pcr_extend to tpm1-cmd.c
   1  [PATCH v7 06/21] tpm: factor out tpm_get_timeouts()
   1  [PATCH v7 05/21] tpm: add tpm_calc_ordinal_duration() wrapper
   1  [PATCH v7 04/21] tpm: factor out tpm 1.x duration calculation to tpm1-cmd.c
   1  [PATCH v7 03/21] tpm: sort objects in the Makefile
   1  [PATCH v7 02/21] tpm2: add new tpm2 commands according to TCG 1.36
   1  [PATCH v7 00/21] tpm: separate tpm 1.x and tpm 2.x commands


Ingo_Molnar/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] x86 fixes
   1  [GIT PULL] scheduler fixes
   1  [GIT PULL] perf fixes


Jaegeuk_Kim/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] f2fs: fix to account IO correctly


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_i2c_nuvoton: use correct command duration for
   1  Re: [PATCH] tpm: fix kdoc for tpm2_flush_context_cmd()
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 13/21] tpm: add tpm_auto_startup() into
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 12/21] tpm: factor out tpm_startup function
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 11/21] tpm: factor out tpm 1.x pm suspend flow into
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 09/21] tpm: factor out tpm1_get_random into
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 04/21] tpm: factor out tpm 1.x duration calculation
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 02/21] tpm2: add new tpm2 commands according to TCG
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 00/21] tpm: separate tpm 1.x and tpm 2.x commands
   1  Re: [PATCH v14 19/19] x86/sgx: Driver documentation


Jason_A_Donenfeld/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 00/12] crypto: Adiantum support


Johan_Hovold/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver


John_Stultz/
=============
   5  Re: TSC to Mono-raw Drift


Josh_Poimboeuf/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] objtool: move libelf check out of top Makefile


Julia_Lawall/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] tty: serial: add driver for the SiFive UART (fwd)
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] tty: serial: add driver for the SiFive UART


Jérôme_Glisse/
=============
   1  [PATCH 6/6] mm/hmm: invalidate device page table at start of invalidation
   1  [PATCH 5/6] mm/hmm: use a structure for update callback parameters v2
   1  [PATCH 4/6] mm/hmm: properly handle migration pmd v3
   1  [PATCH 1/6] mm/hmm: fix utf8 ...
   1  [PATCH 0/6] HMM updates, improvements and fixes v2


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86/kvm/nVMX: tweak shadow fields
   1  Re: [PATCH] selftests/kvm: add missing executables to .gitignore


Kees_Cook/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] pstore: Fix annotation on declaration of pstore_exit_fs
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 07/17] arm64: add basic pointer authentication support


Mark_Brown/
=============
   1  [PATCH] regulator: lochnagar: Use a consisent comment style for SPDX
   1  [PATCH] ASoC: cs42l51: fix mclk support
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] ASoC: cs42l51: fix mclk support
   1  Applied "regulator: lochnagar: Use a consisent comment style for SPDX header" to the regulator tree
   1  Applied "ASoC: cs42l51: fix mclk support" to the asoc tree


Martin_K_Petersen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] scsi: hisi_sas: Fix NULL pointer dereference


Masami_Hiramatsu/
=============
   1  [PATCH -tip] kprobes/x86: Use preempt_enable() in optimized_callback()
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/5] x86: introduce preemption disable prefix


Miklos_Szeredi/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 5/5] nfs: don't clear STATX_ATIME from result_mask
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 6/5] statx: add STATX_RESULT_MASK flag
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/5] uapi: deprecate STATX_ALL


Moritz_Fischer/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] fpga manager: Adding FPGA Manager support for Xilinx zynqmp


P0_linux-kernel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] x86/cpufeature: Add facility to match microcode
   1  [RFC] reading GPU register cause reset
   1  [PATCH] pstore: Fix annotation on declaration of pstore_exit_fs
   1  [PATCH]  sched/fair : modify comment of fbq_type description
   1  [PATCH v4 2/2] sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
   1  [PATCH v4 0/2]  sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
   1  [PATCH v3 2/2] perf/x86/kvm: Avoid unnecessary work in guest filtering
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] x86/cpufeature: Add facility to match microcode revisions
   1  [PATCH v1] x86/microcode: Handle negative microcode revisions
   1  [PATCH 2/2] perf/x86/intel/uncore: Support CoffeeLake 8th CBOX
   1  [PATCH 1/2] sched/fair: move rq_of helper function
   1  [PATCH 1/2] perf/x86/intel/uncore: Add more IMC PCI IDs for KabyLake and CoffeeLake
   1  Re: [RFC 00/60] Coscheduling for Linux
   1  Re: [Patch v3 00/13] Provide process property based options to enable
   1  Re: [PATCH] thunderbolt: Fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: [PATCH] rcu: Benefit from expedited grace period in __wait_rcu_gp
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] x86/microcode: Handle negative microcode revisions
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC 1/1] drivers: pinctrl: qcom: add wakeup capability to
   1  Memory management issue in 4.18.15


P1_devicetree/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/6] Tracing register accesses with pstore and dynamic
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 3/3] reset: reset-zynqmp: Adding support for
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 3/3] nvmem: zynqmp: Added zynqmp nvmem
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: nvmem: Add bindings for
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 1/3] firmware: xilinx: Add reset API's
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 1/3] firmware: xilinx: Add
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 0/3] Add reset driver support for ZynqMP
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 0/3] Add nvmem driver support for ZynqMP
   1  [PATCH v2 1/1] ARM: dts: imx6sx-sdb: Add flexcan support
   1  [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: reset: Add bindings for ZynqMP reset driver
   1  RE: [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx6sx-sdb: Add flexcan support


P1_kvm/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 05/11] x86/fpu: set PKRU state for kernel threads
   1  [PATCH] vfio-mdev/samples: Use u8 instead of char for handle functions
   1  [PATCH 10/10] kvm: x86: mmu: Add IOCTLs to allow userspace to switch
   1  [PATCH 09/10] kvm: x86: mmu: Ability to switch dirty logging mode dynamically
   1  [PATCH 08/10] kvm: x86: mmu: Refactor kvm_mmu_slot_*_remove_write_access
   1  [PATCH 07/10] kvm: x86: mmu: Per-VM dirty logging mode
   1  [PATCH 06/10] kvm: x86: mmu: Use D bit for dirty logging
   1  [PATCH 05/10] kvm: x86: mmu: Remove extra TLB flush from vmx_slot_enable_log_dirty()
   1  [PATCH 04/10] kvm: mmu: x86: Add dirty bit clearing notification hook
   1  [PATCH 03/10] kvm: x86: mmu: Change __rmap_clear_dirty to __rmap_test_and_clear_dirty
   1  [PATCH 02/10] kvm: mmu: Allow reading hardware dirty state from kvm_get_dirty_log_protect
   1  [PATCH 01/10] kvm: mmu: spte_write_protect optimization
   1  [PATCH 00/10] x86: PTE D Bit based dirty logging
   1  Re: [PATCH V5 4/4] kvm: add a check if pfn is from NVDIMM pmem.


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/2] improve vmalloc allocation
   1  [RFC PATCH 2/2] mm: add priority threshold to __purge_vmap_area_lazy()
   1  [RFC PATCH 1/2] mm/vmalloc: keep track of free blocks for allocation
   1  [RFC PATCH 0/2] improve vmalloc allocation
   1  Re: [RFC v4 PATCH 2/5] mm/__free_one_page: skip merge for order-0
   1  Re: Memory management issue in 4.18.15


P1_netdev/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] bpf/test_run: Add braces to initialization in
   1  [PATCH] net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
   1  [PATCH] mISDN: Fix type of switch control variable in ctrl_teimanager
   1  [PATCH] bpf: btf: Fix a missing-check bug
   1  [PATCH] bpf/test_run: Add braces to initialization in bpf_prog_test_run_skb
   1  Re: [PATCH] net: ethernet: fec: Add missing SPEED_
   1  Re: [PATCH] bpf/test_run: Add braces to initialization in bpf_prog_test_run_skb


Palmer_Dabbelt/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/9] PCI: consolidate PCI config entry in drivers/pci
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: serial: add documentation for the SiFive UART driver


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] rcu: Benefit from expedited grace period in __wait_rcu_gp
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC] doc: rcu: remove obsolete (non-)requirement about


Paul_Mackerras/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] KVM: PPC: Use exported tb_to_ns() function in decrementer
   1  [GIT PULL] Please pull my kvm-ppc-next-4.20-2 tag


Paul_Moore/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 02/10] audit: add container id
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 09/10] audit: NETFILTER_PKT: record
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 08/10] audit: add support for
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 06/10] audit: add containerid
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 05/10] audit: add support for
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 04/10] audit: add containerid
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 03/10] audit: log container info of syscalls
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 01/10] audit: collect audit task parameters


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
   1  Re: [Patch v3 06/13] mm: Pass task instead of task->mm as argument
   1  Re: [Patch v3 00/13] Provide process property based options to
   1  Re: [PATCH]  sched/fair : modify comment of fbq_type description


Rob_Herring/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 04/18] powerpc/pseries: add of_node_put() in dlpar_detach_node()
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] of: overlay: user space synchronization


Salil_Mehta/
=============
   1  [PATCH net-next 7/7] net: hns3: Add enable and process hw errors of TM scheduler
   1  [PATCH net-next 6/7] net: hns3: Add enable and process hw errors from PPP
   1  [PATCH net-next 5/7] net: hns3: Add enable and process hw errors from IGU, EGU and NCSI
   1  [PATCH net-next 4/7] net: hns3: Add enable and process common ecc errors
   1  [PATCH net-next 3/7] net: hns3: Add support to enable and disable hw errors
   1  [PATCH net-next 2/7] net: hns3: Add PCIe AER error recovery
   1  [PATCH net-next 1/7] net: hns3: Add PCIe AER callback error_detected
   1  [PATCH net-next 0/7] Adds support of RAS Error Handling in HNS3 Driver


Sebastian_Reichel/
=============
   1  Re: omap4: support for manually updated display


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/3] clk: meson: add DT documentation for emmc clock controller
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add initial binding documentation


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
   1  [RFC][PATCH] tools/lib/traceevent: Implement libtraceevent man
   1  [PATCH 3/3] selftests: ftrace: Add synthetic event syntax testcase
   1  [PATCH 0/3] [GIT PULL] tracing: A few small fixes to synthetic events


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mm,oom: Use timeout based back off.


Tejun_Heo/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v14 12/12] cpuset: Show descriptive text when reading


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
   3  Re: TSC to Mono-raw Drift
   2  Re: [Patch v3 07/13] x86/process Add arch_set_dumpable
   2  RE: [tip:irq/core] genirq: Fix race on spurious interrupt
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] x86/cpufeature: Add facility to match microcode
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] x86/microcode: Handle negative microcode revisions


Tony_Lindgren/
=============
   2  Re: omap4: support for manually updated display


Tyrel_Datwyler/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] idle/x86: remove the call to boot_init_stack_canary()


VFS_Alexander_Viro/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 03/34] teach move_mount(2) to work with OPEN_TREE_CLONE
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/24] iov_iter: Add I/O discard iterator
   1  Re: [PATCH 02/24] iov_iter: Renumber the ITER_* constants in uio.h
   1  Re: [PATCH 01/24] iov_iter: Separate type from direction and use


Will_Deacon/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] iommu: arm-smmu: handle client iommu translation fault
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 11/17] arm64: docs: document pointer authentication
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 07/17] arm64: add basic pointer authentication support


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] x86/microcode: Handle negative microcode revisions


cgroups/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v14 12/12] cpuset: Show descriptive text when reading
   1  [PATCH v14 12/12] cpuset: Use descriptive text when reading/writing


containers/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 02/10] audit: add container id


dri-devel/
=============
   1  [git pull] drm fixes for 4.19 final (part 2)
   1  [PATCH] video: fbdev: sis: fix a missing-check bug
   1  [PATCH 2/2] drm/bridge: ti-sn65dsi86: Allow DT to set "HPD delay"
   1  [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: drm/bridge: sn65dsi86: Add panel-hpd-delay
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] vgaarb: Keep adding VGA device in queue


embeddedor_com/
=============
   1  [PATCH] skd: fix unchecked return values


esc_storagedev/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH] scsi/ata: Use unsigned int for cmd's type
   1  [PATCH] scsi/ata: Use unsigned int for cmd's type in ioctls in scsi_host_template
   1  [PATCH v2] scsi/ata: Use unsigned int for cmd's type in ioctls in scsi_host_template


iommu/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 1/1] iommu/arm-smmu-v3: eliminate a potential memory corruption on Hi16xx soc
   1  Re: [PATCH 08/10] swiotlb: don't dip into swiotlb pool for coherent


kbuild-all/
=============
   1  [SPAM] [tip:locking/core 6/10]
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 1/2] sched/fair: move rq_of helper


keyrings/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] docs: Extend trusted keys documentation for TPM 2.0


kvm-arm/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] modpost: skip ELF local symbols by default during section mismatch check
   1  [PATCH 0/2] modpost: skip section mismatch warnings on ELF local symbols by default
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 07/17] arm64: add basic pointer authentication support
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] modpost: skip section mismatch warnings on ELF local


linux-acpi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/4] perf: add arm64 smmuv3 pmu driver


linux-alpha/
=============
   1  alpha: switch to NO_BOOTMEM
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v2] alpha: switch to NO_BOOTMEM


linux-amlogic/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver


linux-api/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] printk: Introduce per-console loglevel setting


linux-arch/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification


linux-block/
=============
   2  Re: [BUG] ext4/block null pointer crashes in linux-next
   1  [PATCH V2] block: fix the DISCARD request merge
   1  Re: [PATCH] block: don't check position contiguity for DISCARD in


linux-can/
=============
   1  [PATCH] can: janz-ican3: fix a missing-check bug


linux-clk/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] clk: sifive: add a driver for the SiFive FU540 PRCI IP block
   1  [PATCH v2 2/3] dt-bindings: clk: add documentation for the SiFive PRCI driver
   1  [PATCH v2 1/3] clk: analogbits: add Wide-Range PLL library
   1  [PATCH v2 0/3] clk: add driver for the SiFive FU540 PRCI and PLLs it controls
   1  [PATCH 3/3] clk: sifive: add a driver for the SiFive FU540 PRCI IP block
   1  [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: clk: add documentation for the SiFive PRCI driver
   1  [PATCH 1/3] clk: analogbits: add Wide-Range PLL library
   1  [PATCH 0/3] clk: add driver for the SiFive FU540 PRCI and PLLs it controls
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: fix clk_calc_subtree compute duplications


linux-crypto/
=============
   4  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 00/12] crypto: Adiantum support
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 11/12] crypto: adiantum - add Adiantum support
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 10/12] crypto: arm/nhpoly1305 - add
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 09/12] crypto: nhpoly1305 - add NHPoly1305 support
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 06/12] crypto: arm/chacha20 - refactor to allow
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 04/12] crypto: chacha - add XChaCha12 support


linux-doc/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] Documentation: dynamic-debug: fix wildcard description
   1  [PATCH] Documentation: dynamic_debug: fix a couple of typos
   1  [PATCH] Documentation: dynamic-debug: fix wildcard description
   1  [PATCH v2] Documentation: dynamic-debug: fix wildcard description
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC] doc: rcu: remove obsolete (non-)requirement about


linux-fpga/
=============
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: fpga: Add bindings for
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 1/3] firmware: xilinx: Add fpga API's
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 0/3] Add Bitstream configuration support for
   1  [PATCH 3/3] fpga manager: Adding FPGA Manager support for Xilinx zynqmp
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] fpga manager: Adding FPGA Manager support for Xilinx zynqmp


linux-fsdevel/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mm: Add an F_SEAL_FUTURE_WRITE seal to memfd
   2  Re: [PATCH 03/34] teach move_mount(2) to work with OPEN_TREE_CLONE
   1  Re: in_compat_syscall() returns from kernel thread for X86_32.
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 6/5] statx: add STATX_RESULT_MASK flag
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/5] nfs: don't clear STATX_ATIME from result_mask


linux-gpio/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] pinctrl: upboard: Add UP2 pinctrl and gpio driver
   1  [PATCH v2 2/3] leds: upboard: Add LED support
   1  [PATCH v2 1/3] mfd: upboard: Add UP2 platform controller driver
   1  [PATCH v2 0/3] UP Squared board drivers
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/3] pinctrl: upboard: Add UP2 pinctrl and gpio driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] leds: upboard: Add LED support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] mfd: upboard: Add UP2 platform controller driver


linux-i2c/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC] i2c: qup: Use the interconnect API
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] i2c-omap: Enable i2c-omap driver for AM654 SoCs


linux-kbuild/
=============
   1  [PATCH 1/2] modpost: add switch to skip symbol exclusions likely to generate false positives


linux-kselftest/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] selftests/bpf: add missing executables to .gitignore


linux-media/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 1/2] media: docs-rst: Document memory-to-memory video
   1  Re: i.MX6 MIPI-CSI2 OV5640 Camera testing on Mainline Linux
   1  Re: [PATCH] media: venus: queue initial buffers


linux-mips/
=============
   1  [PATCH] MIPS: Ensure ELF appended dtb is relocated


linux-mtd/
=============
   1  [RFC PATCH] jffs2: make the overwritten xattr invisible after remount
   1  [PATCH] jffs2: fix invocations of dbg_xattr() for dead jffs2_xattr_ref


linux-omap/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH net-next] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: don't flush mcast
   1  [PATCH net-next] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: unsync mcast entries while switch promisc mode


linux-perf-users/
=============
   1  [PATCH] perf arm64 Makefile: remove harmless but unneeded extra slash


linux-pm/
=============
   1  Re: [driver-core PATCH v4 4/6] driver core: Probe devices
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: cpufreq: Introduce QCOM CPUFREQ


linux-rtc/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] rtc: s35390a: Change buf's type to u8 in s35390a_init


linux-s390/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 3/3] bpf: Add system wide BPF JIT limit
   1  [PATCH v3 2/3] modules: Create rlimit for module space
   1  [PATCH v3 1/3] modules: Create arch versions of module alloc/free
   1  [PATCH RFC v3 0/3] Rlimit for module space


linux-scsi/
=============
   1  [PATCH] scsi: isci: Fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] scsi: hisi_sas: Fix NULL pointer dereference


linux-serial/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] dt-bindings: serial: add documentation for the
   1  [PATCH v3 2/2] tty: serial: add driver for the SiFive UART
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] dt-bindings: serial: add documentation for the SiFive UART driver
   1  [PATCH v3 0/2] tty: serial: add DT bindings and serial driver for the SiFive FU540 UART
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] tty: serial: add driver for the SiFive UART
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] dt-bindings: serial: add documentation for the SiFive UART driver
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] tty: serial: add DT bindings and serial driver for the SiFive FU540 UART


linux-soc/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: sdm845: Add PSCI cpuidle low power states


linux-tip-commits/
=============
   1  Re: in_compat_syscall() returns from kernel thread for X86_32.
   1  RE: [tip:irq/core] genirq: Fix race on spurious interrupt detection


linuxppc-dev/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] idle/x86: remove the call to boot_init_stack_canary()
   1  [PATCH v3] idle/x86: remove the call to boot_init_stack_canary() from


openbmc/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH net-next 0/6] net/ncsi: Allow enabling multiple packages &


osuosl-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH 3/3] staging: rtl8188eu: rename variable isCCKrate - style
   1  [PATCH 2/3] staging: rtl8188eu: rename variable Max_spatial_stream - style
   1  [PATCH 1/3] staging: rtl8188eu: simplify odm_evm_db_to_percentage()
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] staging: nrf24: add new driver for 2.4GHz radio
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/15] Platform: OLPC: Add XO-1.75 EC driver


reiserfs-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] reiserfs: remove workaround code for GCC 3.x


xen-devel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V2] xen-swiotlb: use actually allocated size on check


