
0_Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v3 00/20] vmw_balloon: compaction, shrinker, 64-bit, etc.
   2  [PATCH v3 00/20] vmw_balloon: compaction, shrinker, 64-bit, etc.
   1  Re: [PATCH] soc: ti: QMSS: Fix usage of irq_set_affinity_hint


0_kernel-hardening/
=============
  20  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation


0_linux-kernel/
=============
  16  Re: [RFC PATCH] Implement /proc/pid/kill
   5  Re: [RFC PATCH] Minimal non-child process exit notification support
   3  Re: [PATCH v4] pstore: Avoid duplicate call of persistent_ram_zap()
   3  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] x86/hyperv: make HvNotifyLongSpinWait hypercall
   2  [Patch v4 16/18] x86/speculation: Enable STIBP to protect security
   2  Re: [RFC] doc: rcu: remove note on smp_mb during synchronize_rcu
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/3] retpolines: Only enable retpoline when compiler
   2  RE: [RFC PATCH] Minimal non-child process exit notification support
   2  RE: [Patch v4 16/18] x86/speculation: Enable STIBP to protect
   1  insecure W+X mappings on HP DL365 G5
   1  [SPAM] Re: [RFC PATCH] Implement /proc/pid/kill
   1  [Patch v4 18/18] x86/speculation: Create PRCTL interface to restrict indirect branch speculation
   1  [Patch v4 17/18] x86/speculation: Update SPEC_CTRL MSRs of remote CPUs
   1  [Patch v4 16/18] x86/speculation: Enable STIBP to protect security sensitive tasks
   1  [Patch v4 15/18] x86/speculation: Add Spectre v2 app to app protection modes
   1  [Patch v4 14/18] x86/speculation: Turn on or off STIBP according to a task's TIF_STIBP
   1  [Patch v4 13/18] security: Update security level of a process when modifying its dumpability
   1  [Patch v4 12/18] x86: Group thread info flags by functionality
   1  [Patch v4 11/18] x86/speculation: Update comment on TIF_SSBD
   1  [Patch v4 10/18] x86/speculation: Reorganize speculation control MSRs update
   1  [Patch v4 09/18] x86/speculation: Rename SSBD update functions
   1  [Patch v4 08/18] sched: Deprecate sched_smt_present and use cpu_smt_enabled static key
   1  [Patch v4 07/18] x86/smt: Convert cpu_smt_control check to cpu_smt_enabled static key
   1  [Patch v4 06/18] smt: Create cpu_smt_enabled static key for SMT specific code
   1  [Patch v4 05/18] x86/speculation: Disable STIBP when enhanced IBRS is in use
   1  [Patch v4 04/18] x86/speculation: Add X86_FEATURE_USE_IBRS_ENHANCED
   1  [Patch v4 03/18] x86/speculation: Reorganize cpu_show_common()
   1  [Patch v4 02/18] x86/speculation: Remove unnecessary ret variable in cpu_show_common()
   1  [Patch v4 01/18] x86/speculation: Clean up spectre_v2_parse_cmdline()
   1  [Patch v4 00/18] Provide process property based options to enable Spectre v2 userspace-userspace protection*
   1  [PATCH] x86/fsgsbase/64: Fix the base write helper functions
   1  [PATCH] sched/fair: util_est: fix cpu_util_wake for execl
   1  [PATCH] perf top: Display the LBR stats in callchain entry
   1  [PATCH v3] Implement /proc/pid/kill
   1  [PATCH v2] proc: use ns_capable instead of capable for timerslack_ns
   1  [PATCH v2] Implement /proc/pid/kill
   1  [PATCH tip/core/rcu 02/19] rcu: Defer reporting RCU-preempt
   1  [GIT PULL] Cramfs fixes
   1  Re: [RFC] rcu: doc: update example about stale data
   1  Re: [Patch v4 16/18] x86/speculation: Enable STIBP to protect
   1  Re: [PATCH] proc: use ns_capable instead of capable for timerslack_ns
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf: Don't clone maps from parent when synthesizing
   1  Re: [PATCH] modsign: use all trusted keys to verify module signature
   1  Re: [PATCH] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces
   1  Re: [PATCH] Choose CPU based on allocated IRQs
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] pstore: Avoid duplicate call of persistent_ram_za=
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] kernel/SRCU: Fix ctags
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] Implement /proc/pid/kill
   1  Re: [PATCH tip/core/rcu 02/19] rcu: Defer reporting RCU-preempt
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC] hist lookups
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC 1/1] drivers: pinctrl: qcom: add wakeup capability to GPIO
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kprobes/x86: Simplify indirect-jump check in
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kobject: fix warnings use pr_* to replace  printk
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/10] sched/fair: Provide can_migrate_task_llc
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Cramfs fixes
   1  Re: [Announce] LPC 2018: Testing and Fuzzing Microconference
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..
   1  Re: GNU Kind Communication Guidelines / New Code Of Conduct = Insufficient Pseudoreligion
   1  Re: Fwd: [PATCH v2 2/8] selftests/resctrl: Add basic resctrl fil=
   1  Re: Cramfs: "unable to handle kernel paging request" when reading a
   1  Re: Bug#912087: openssh-server: Slow startup after the upgrade to 7.9p1
   1  Re: Bug#912087: openssh-server: Slow startup after the upgrade to
   1  RE: [PATCH] x86/fsgsbase/64: Fix the base write helper functions
   1  RE: [PATCH] Choose CPU based on allocated IRQs
   1  RE: Fwd: [PATCH v2 2/8] selftests/resctrl: Add basic resctrl file
   1  Delay control implemented for Marvell 88E6352/1 also works for


1_kernel_test_robot/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 7/8] clk: clk-twl6040: Free of_provider at remove
   1  arch/x86/include/asm/rmwcc.h:23:17: error: jump into statement
   1  [SPAM] sound/pci/hda/patch_ca0132.c:7650:20: error: implicit
   1  [SPAM] net/sunrpc/auth_gss/gss_krb5_seal.c:144:14: error:
   1  [SPAM] make[2]: *** No rule to make target
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] kgdb: Fix kgdb_roundup_cpus() for
   1  [SPAM] ERROR: "numa_slit" [drivers/nvme/host/nvme-core.ko]
   1  [LKP] 0babe16c6c ("mtd: rawnand: Fill memorg during detection"):


Adrian_Hunter/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 4/5] perf intel-pt: Insert callchain context into
   1  [PATCH V2 4/5] perf intel-pt: Insert callchain context into
   1  [PATCH 5/5] perf intel-pt/bts: Calculate cpumode for synthesized samples
   1  [PATCH 4/5] perf intel-pt: Insert callchain context into synthesized callchains
   1  [PATCH 3/5] perf tools: Use fallbacks for branch stacks
   1  [PATCH 2/5] perf tools: Use fallback for sample_addr_correlates_sym() cases
   1  [PATCH 1/5] perf tools: Add fallback functions for cases where cpumode is insufficient


Alan_Stern/
=============
   1  Re: scsi_set_medium_removal timeout issue
   1  RE: scsi_set_medium_removal timeout issue 


Alex_Williamson/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] VFIO updates for v4.20-rc1


Alexander_Shishkin/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v13 08/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT context switch for each vcpu


Andrew_Lunn/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/4] net: macb: Add pm runtime support
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/4] net: macb: Add support for suspend/resume with full
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] net: macb: Check MDIO state before read/write and


Andrew_Morton/
=============
   1  mmotm 2018-10-30-16-08 uploaded


Andrzej_Hajda/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 17/25] dt-bindings: panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC 0/2] RISC-V: A proposal to add vendor-specific code
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 4/6] usb: ohci-platform: Add support for Broadcom STB SoC's


Bart_Van_Assche/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] loop: Better discard for block devices


Bartlomiej_Zolnierkiewicz/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] fbdev changes for v4.20


Benjamin_Gaignard/
=============
   1  [PATCH 5/5] hwspinlock: Add test module
   1  [PATCH 4/5] ARM: dts: stm32: enable hwspinlock on stm32mp157c-ed1
   1  [PATCH 3/5] ARM: dts: stm32: Add hwspinlock node for stm32mp157 SoC
   1  [PATCH 2/5] hwspinlock: add STM32 hwspinlock device
   1  [PATCH 1/5] dt-bindings: hwlock: Document STM32 hwspinlock bindings
   1  [PATCH 0/5] Add support of STM32 hwspinlock


Boaz_Harrosh/
=============
   1  scsi: remove bidirectional command support
   1  Re: remove exofs and the T10 OSD code V2


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 0/6] New QuadSPI driver for Atmel SAMA5D2
   1  Re: [PATCH] mtd: change len type from signed to unsigned type
   1  Re: [PATCH] mtd: cast to u64 to avoid unexpected error
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] mtd: spi-nor: Add support for SPI boot flash access


CHROME_Olof_Johansson/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] RISC-V: lib: Fix build error for 64-bit
   1  [PATCH] RISC-V: lib: Fix build error for 64-bit
   1  [PATCH 3/3] RISC-V: Silence some module warnings on 32-bit
   1  [PATCH 2/3] RISC-V: lib: minor asm cleanup
   1  [PATCH 1/3] RISC-V: lib: Fix build error for 64-bit
   1  [PATCH 0/3] RISC-V: A few build/warning fixes and cleanup


Chao_Yu/
=============
   1  [PATCH] f2fs: add to account direct IO
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] f2fs: fix get_blocktype_secs bug when segs_per_sec is
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] f2fs: change segment to section in f2fs_ioc_gc_range


Charles_Keepax/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] i2c: Clear client->irq in i2c_device_remove


Chen-Yu_Tsai/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 09/11] power: supply: add AC power supply driver for AXP813
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 08/11] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: pinebook: enable
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 07/11] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: sopine-baseboard:
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 06/11] arm64: dts: allwinner: axp803: add AC and
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 04/11] dt-bindings: iio: adc: add AXP803 ADC bindings
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 03/11] dt-bindings: gpio: gpio-axp209: add AXP803 GPIO bindings
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 02/11] dt-bindings: power: supply: axp20x: add AXP803
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 00/11] AXP8x3 AC and battery power supply support
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 17/25] dt-bindings: panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16


Christian_Borntraeger/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V5 0/5] KVM: X86: Introducing ROE Protection Kernel


Christoffer_Dall/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 1/9] KVM: arm/arm64: Ensure only THP is candidate for
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 18/18] kvm: arm64: Allow tuning the physical address


Christoph_Hellwig/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC 0/2] RISC-V: A proposal to add vendor-specific code
   1  Re: [PATCH] fs: fix lost error code in dio_complete
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] media: usb: pwc: Don't use coherent DMA buffers


Dan_Williams/
=============
   1  [PATCH 8/8] device-dax: Add /sys/class/dax backwards compatibility
   1  [PATCH 7/8] device-dax: Add support for a dax override driver
   1  [PATCH 6/8] device-dax: Move resource pinning+mapping into the
   1  [PATCH 5/8] device-dax: Introduce bus + driver model
   1  [PATCH 4/8] device-dax: Start defining a dax bus model
   1  [PATCH 3/8] device-dax: Remove multi-resource infrastructure
   1  [PATCH 2/8] device-dax: Kill dax_region base
   1  [PATCH 1/8] device-dax: Kill dax_region ida
   1  [PATCH 0/8] Introduce a device-dax bus-based device-model


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] thermal: broadcom: use
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] thermal: broadcom: constify
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] thermal: armada: constify thermal_zone_of_device_ops


Daniel_Thompson/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] kdb: Fix btc (backtrace on each cpu) crash


Dave_Young/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo


David_Howells/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH] dvb: Allow MAC addresses to be mapped to stable device names with udev


David_S_Miller/
=============
   1  [PATCH] perf: Don't clone maps from parent when synthesizing forks
   1  [PATCH RFC] perf: Start 'top' display thread earlier.
   1  [PATCH RFC] perf: Go back to by-hand proc mmap parsing and kill
   1  [PATCH RFC] hist lookups
   1  Re: [PATCH] net: mvpp2: Fix affinity hint allocation
   1  Re: [PATCHES/RFC] Re: A concern about overflow ring buffer mode
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] net: xilinx_emaclite: recheck condition after
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] net: axienet: recheck condition after timeout in


Davidlohr_Bueso/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] fs/proc: introduce /proc/stat2 file


Dominique_Martinet/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] kcm: remove any offset before parsing messages


Eric_Anholt/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] drm: Add an hx8367d tinydrm driver.


Eric_Biederman/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC PATCH] Implement /proc/pid/kill
   1  Re: [git pull] mount API series


Fenghua_Yu/
=============
   1  Re: Fwd: [PATCH v2 2/8] selftests/resctrl: Add basic resctrl file


Florian_Fainelli/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 6/6] arch: Move initrd= parsing into do_mounts_initrd.c
   1  [PATCH v2 5/6] of/fdt: Remove custom __early_init_dt_declare_initrd() implementation
   1  [PATCH v2 4/6] arm64: Utilize phys_initrd_start/phys_initrd_size
   1  [PATCH v2 3/6] of/fdt: Populate phys_initrd_start/phys_initrd_size from FDT
   1  [PATCH v2 2/6] arch: Make phys_initrd_start and phys_initrd_size global variables
   1  [PATCH v2 1/6] nds32: Remove phys_initrd_start and phys_initrd_size
   1  [PATCH v2 0/6] arm64: Get rid of __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  Re: [PATCH] soc: ti: QMSS: Fix usage of irq_set_affinity_hint


Frank_Rowand/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] of/platform: Support dynamic device tree on AMBA bus


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] hwmon: (ibmpowernv) Remove bogus __init annotations
   1  Re: [PATCH] hwmon: (adt7475) document mapping of sysfs entries to


Hans_de_Goede/
=============
   6  Re: Regression found (Stop-marking-clocks-as-CLK_IS_CRITICAL)
   1  [PATCH v2] ASoC: intel: cht_bsw_max98090_ti: Add quirk for boards
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH v1] ACPI / scan: Create platform device for BOSC0200
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] staging: vboxvideo: Remove unnecessary parentheses


Heiko_Carstens/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] s390/mm: fix mis-accounting of pgtable_bytes


Heiko_Stuebner/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: rockchip: Use default brightness table for gru.
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 00/14] Rockchip SPI cleanup and use interrupts


J_Bruce_Fields/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] nfsd changes for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] nfsd changes for 4.20


James_Morse/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] arm64/mm: hit DEBUG_LOCKS_WARN_ON


Jani_Nikula/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm: Remove 80-column line in drm_mode_object.c


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 5/5] tpm: ensure that output of PCR read contains the
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] tpm: change the end marker of the active_banks


Jeff_Layton/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9 v3] locks: avoid thundering-herd wake-ups


Jens_Axboe/
=============
   6  Re: [PATCH 11/14] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)
   1  [PATCHSET v3 0/16] blk-mq: Add support for multiple queue maps
   1  [PATCH 16/16] nvme: add separate poll queue map
   1  [PATCH 15/16] block: add REQ_HIPRI and inherit it from IOCB_HIPRI
   1  [PATCH 14/16] nvme: utilize two queue maps, one for reads and one for writes
   1  [PATCH 13/16] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing) sets of IRQs
   1  [PATCH 12/16] blk-mq: initial support for multiple queue maps
   1  [PATCH 11/16] blk-mq: improve plug list sorting
   1  [PATCH 10/16] blk-mq: cleanup and improve list insertion
   1  [PATCH 09/16] blk-mq: cache request hardware queue mapping
   1  [PATCH 08/16] blk-mq: separate number of hardware queues from nr_cpu_ids
   1  [PATCH 07/16] blk-mq: support multiple hctx maps
   1  [PATCH 06/16] blk-mq: add 'type' attribute to the sysfs hctx directory
   1  [PATCH 05/16] blk-mq: allow software queue to map to multiple hardware queues
   1  [PATCH 04/16] blk-mq: pass in request/bio flags to queue mapping
   1  [PATCH 03/16] blk-mq: provide dummy blk_mq_map_queue_type() helper
   1  [PATCH 02/16] blk-mq: abstract out queue map
   1  [PATCH 01/16] blk-mq: kill q->mq_map
   1  Re: remove exofs and the T10 OSD code V2
   1  Re: [PATCH] mtip32xx: clean an indentation issue, remove extraneous
   1  Re: [PATCH 14/16] nvme: utilize two queue maps, one for reads and one
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/14] blk-mq: ensure that plug lists don't straddle
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/16] blk-mq: support multiple hctx maps
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/16] blk-mq: add 'type' attribute to the sysfs hctx
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/16] blk-mq: allow software queue to map to multiple
   1  Re: [PATCH 04/16] blk-mq: pass in request/bio flags to queue mapping
   1  Re: [PATCH 02/16] blk-mq: abstract out queue map


Jessica_Yu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] modsign: use all trusted keys to verify module signature
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] ARM: module: Fix function kallsyms on Thumb-2


Jiri_Kosina/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/3] arm64: implement ftrace with regs


Joel_Stanley/
=============
   1  [PATCH] raid6/ppc: Fix build for clang
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] kbuild: replace cc-name test with CONFIG_CC_IS_CLANG


John_Johansen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] apparmor: clean an indentation issue, remove extraneous


Juergen_Gross/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] xen-blkfront: fix kernel panic with negotiate_mq error


Julia_Lawall/
=============
   1  [PATCH] usb: gadget: aspeed-vhub: constify usb_gadget_ops structure
   1  [PATCH] thermal: broadcom: use devm_thermal_zone_of_sensor_register
   1  Re: [Outreachy kernel] [RESEND PATCH 2/2] staging: vboxvideo: Use
   1  Re: [Outreachy kernel] Re: [PATCH v2] staging: vboxvideo: Remove


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH v13 08/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT context switch for each
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH] kvm: Use huge pages for DAX-backed files
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/13] kvm: selftests: add aarch64 framework and dirty


Kees_Cook/
=============
   6  Re: [PATCH v8 1/2] seccomp: add a return code to trap to userspace
   3  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation
   2  Re: [PATCH v4] pstore: Avoid duplicate call of persistent_ram_zap()
   1  [PATCH] seccomp: hoist struct seccomp_data recalculation higher
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/7] runtime format string checking


Keith_Busch/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 11/14] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)
   1  Re: [PATCHSET v3 0/16] blk-mq: Add support for multiple queue maps


Kishon_Vijay_Abraham_I/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.
   1  RE: [PATCH 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.


LEAKING_ADDRESSES_Tycho_Andersen/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH v8 1/2] seccomp: add a return code to trap to userspace
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation


Laurent_Pinchart/
=============
   1  Re: omap4: support for manually updated display
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] media: usb: pwc: Don't use coherent DMA buffers for ISO transfer
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] usb: gadget: uvc: constify vb2_ops structure


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
   2  Re: [GIT PULL] nfsd changes for 4.20
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] [GIT PULL] tracing: Fixes to synthetic events
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] xen: fixes for 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] tracing: Updates for 4.20 (or 5.0)
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] More power management updates for v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] More ACPI updates for v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Cramfs fixes
   1  Re: Logitech high-resolution scrolling..


Linus_Walleij/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] pinctrl: meson: fix pinconf bias disable
   1  Re: [PATCH] pinctrl: generic: Avoid several implicit enum conversions
   1  Re: [PATCH] gpiolib: fix possible use after free on label
   1  Re: [PATCH] gpio: sch311x: clean an indentation issue, remove
   1  Re: [PATCH] gpio: pl061: Move irq_chip definition inside struct pl061
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 6/6] power: supply: Add Spreadtrum SC27XX fuel gauge
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/7] Standardize onboard LED support for 96Boards
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/6] Mask read inputs for get_multiple callbacks
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/4] pinctrl: meson: fix pull bits


Lorenzo_Pieralisi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] ARM: dts: imx6sx: Add DISPLAY power domain support


Lubomir_Rintel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/8] OLPC 1.75 Keyboard/Touchpad fixes


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] mm/page_owner: use kvmalloc instead of kmalloc
   1  [PATCH] memory_hotplug: cond_resched in __remove_pages
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
   1  Re: [PATCH v15 1/2] Reorganize the oom report in dump_header


Maciej_W_Rozycki/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] dma-mapping: merge direct and noncoherent ops


Marc_Zyngier/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] soc: ti: QMSS: Fix usage of irq_set_affinity_hint
   1  Re: [PATCH] soc: ti: QMSS: Fix usage of irq_set_affinity_hint
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] irqchip: Add support for Renesas RZ/N1 GPIO interrupt multiplexer
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] irqchip: Add support for Renesas RZ/N1 GPIO


Mark_Brown/
=============
   1  [PATCH] spi: mediatek: use correct mata->xfer_len when in fifo
   1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: stm32: sai: fix invalid use of sizeof
   1  Applied "spi: mediatek: use correct mata->xfer_len when in fifo transfer" to the spi tree


Mark_Rutland/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 1/3] arm64: implement ftrace with regs
   1  Re: [PATCH V4 1/5]  pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as common driver


Martin_Schwidefsky/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 3/3] s390/mm: fix mis-accounting of pgtable_bytes
   1  [PATCH 4/4] s390/mm: fix mis-accounting of pgtable_bytes
   1  [PATCH 3/4] mm: add mm_pxd_folded checks to pgtable_bytes accounting functions
   1  [PATCH 2/4] mm: introduce mm_[p4d|pud|pmd]_folded
   1  [PATCH 1/4] mm: make the __PAGETABLE_PxD_FOLDED defines non-empty
   1  [PATCH 0/4] pgtable bytes mis-accounting v3
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] mm: introduce mm_[p4d|pud|pmd]_folded


Masahiro_Yamada/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] kbuild: remove unused cc-fullversion variable
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/9] powerpc: PCI_MSI needs PCI
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/9] powerpc: remove CONFIG_MCA leftovers
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/9] powerpc: remove CONFIG_PCI_QSPAN
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] kconfig: remove silentoldconfig target
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/9] aha152x: rename the PCMCIA define


Matt_Ranostay/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] media: video-i2c: hwmon: constify vb2_ops structure


Michael_Ellerman/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] reiserfs: remove workaround code for GCC 3.x
   1  NXP P50XX/e5500 secondary CPUs not onlined with current mainline (was [PATCH 20/21] of: use for_each_of_cpu_node iterator)


Miguel_Ojeda_Sandonis/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] remove old GCC version implementation


Mike_Kravetz/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC v2 1/1] hugetlbfs: use i_mmap_rwsem for pmd sharing


Nadav_Amit/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 00/20] vmw_balloon: compaction, shrinker, 64-bit, etc.


Oleg_Nesterov/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC PATCH] Implement /proc/pid/kill
   3  Re: [PATCH v8 1/2] seccomp: add a return code to trap to userspace
   1  Re: [PATCH v5] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification


P1_devicetree/
=============
   1  [PATCHv2] ARM: dts: sun8i-h3: Add dts for the Mapleboard MP130
   1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: nxp: ls208xa: add more thermal zone support
   1  Re: [PATCH] of/platform: Support dynamic device tree on AMBA bus
   1  Re: [PATCH] dts: sun8i-h3: Add DTS for Mapleboard MP130


P1_kvm/
=============
   5  Re: [kvm PATCH v4 0/2] use vmalloc to allocate vmx vcpus
   3  Re: [kvm PATCH v5 3/4] kvm: vmx: refactor vmx_msrs struct for vmalloc
   3  Re: [PATCH 00/10] x86: PTE D Bit based dirty logging
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH] kvm: Use huge pages for DAX-backed files
   2  Re: [Qemu-devel] [PULL 4/7] x86: Data structure changes to support
   1  [kvm PATCH v5 4/4] kvm: vmx: use vmalloc() to allocate vcpus
   1  [kvm PATCH v5 3/4] kvm: vmx: refactor vmx_msrs struct for vmalloc
   1  [kvm PATCH v5 2/4] kvm: x86: Dynamically allocate guest_fpu
   1  [kvm PATCH v5 1/4] kvm: x86: Use task structs fpu field for user
   1  [kvm PATCH v5 0/4] shrink vcpu_vmx down to order 2
   1  [PULL 7/7] i386: Add PKU on Skylake-Server CPU model
   1  [PULL 6/7] i386: Add new model of Cascadelake-Server
   1  [PULL 5/7] x86: define a new MSR based feature word -- FEATURE_WORDS_ARCH_CAPABILITIES
   1  [PULL 4/7] x86: Data structure changes to support MSR based features
   1  [PULL 3/7] kvm: Add support to KVM_GET_MSR_FEATURE_INDEX_LIST and KVM_GET_MSRS system ioctl
   1  [PULL 2/7] target/i386: Remove #ifdeffed-out icebp debugging hack
   1  [PULL 1/7] i386: correct cpu_x86_cpuid(0xd)
   1  [PULL 0/7] x86 queue, 2018-10-30
   1  [PATCH] kvm: x86: Don't modify MSR_PLATFORM_INFO on vCPU reset
   1  [PATCH] KVM: nVMX: Verify eVMCS revision id match supported eVMCS version on eVMCS VMPTRLD
   1  [Bug 201565] Intel Processor Trace enabling in KVM
   1  Should KVM creation fail if debugfs fails?
   1  Re: [kvm PATCH v5 2/4] kvm: x86: Dynamically allocate guest_fpu
   1  Re: [QEMU PATCH v2 0/2]: KVM: i386: Add support for save and restore
   1  Re: [PULL 0/7] x86 queue, 2018-10-30
   1  Re: [PATCH V5 0/5] KVM: X86: Introducing ROE Protection Kernel Hardening
   1  Re: [PATCH 01/10] kvm: mmu: spte_write_protect optimization
   1  RE: [PATCH v13 06/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT virtualization work
   1  Need to scale down the time to release multiple vfio devices


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/3] mm: introduce mm_[p4d|pud|pmd]_folded
   1  Re: [PATCHv3 2/3] x86/ldt: Unmap PTEs for the slot before freeing
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm: handle no memcg case in memcg_kmem_charge() properly
   1  Re: [PATCH] memory_hotplug: cond_resched in __remove_pages
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] s390/mm: fix mis-accounting of pgtable_bytes
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] mm: introduce mm_[p4d|pud|pmd]_folded
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] mm: add mm_pxd_folded checks to pgtable_bytes
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] mm: make the __PAGETABLE_PxD_FOLDED defines non-empty


P1_netdev/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/4] net: macb: Add pm runtime support
   1  [PATCH] net: stmmac: Fix stmmac_mdio_reset() when building stmmac as modules
   1  [PATCH] net: document skb parameter in function 'skb_gso_size_check'
   1  [PATCH] bonding:avoid repeated display of same link status change
   1  [PATCH] =?UTF-8?q?net:=20move=20=E2=80=98=5F=5Fzerocopy=5Fsg=5Ffr?= =?UTF-8?q?om=5Fiter=E2=80=99=20prototype=20to=20header=20file=20<linux/sk?= =?UTF-8?q?buff.h>?=
   1  [PATCH 4/4] net: macb: Add support for suspend/resume with full power down
   1  [PATCH 3/4] net: macb: Add pm runtime support
   1  [PATCH 2/4] net: macb: Support clock management for tsu_clk
   1  [PATCH 1/4] net: macb: Check MDIO state before read/write and use timeouts
   1  [PATCH 0/4] Macb power management support for ZynqMP
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/4] net: macb: Add support for suspend/resume with full
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] net: macb: Check MDIO state before read/write and use timeouts
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] net: axienet: recheck condition after timeout in


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 4/5] perf intel-pt: Insert callchain context into
   2  Re: [PATCH] perf: Don't clone maps from parent when synthesizing
   1  arm64 tools build failure wrt smp_load_{acquire,release} expansion
   1  [PATCH V2 4/5] perf intel-pt: Insert callchain context into
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf/core: clean up inconsisent indentation
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC] perf: Go back to by-hand proc mmap parsing and kill
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC] hist lookups


Paul_Burton/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] kbuild: replace cc-name test with


Paul_Durrant/
=============
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] iommu / p2m: add a page_order parameter
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 7/8] viridian: define type for the 'virtual
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] libvchan: create xenstore entries in one
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3] iommu / p2m: add a page_order parameter to
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 9/9] viridian: introduce struct viridian_page
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 8/9] tools/misc: fix hard tabs in xen-hvmctx.c
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 7/9] viridian: define type for the 'virtual
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 5/9] viridian: separate interrupt related
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 4/9] viridian: remove duplicate union types
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 3/9] viridian: remove comments referencing
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 2/9] viridian: remove MSR perf counters
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 1/9] viridian: move the code into its own
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 0/9] viridian cleanup
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 8/8] viridian: introduce struct viridian_page
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 6/8] viridian: separate time related
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 5/8] viridian: separate interrupt related
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/8] viridian: remove duplicate union types
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/8] viridian: remove comments referencing
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/8] viridian: move the code into its own


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC] rcu: doc: update example about stale data
   1  Re: [RFC] doc: rcu: remove note on smp_mb during synchronize_rcu
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC kenrel/rcu] Eliminate BUG_ON() for sync.c


Pavel_Machek/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2 0/8] OLPC 1.75 Keyboard/Touchpad fixes


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
   7  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kprobes/x86: Simplify indirect-jump check in
   2  Re: PROPOSAL: Extend inline asm syntax with size spec
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] x86/hyperv: make HvNotifyLongSpinWait hypercall
   1  Re: [PATCH 16/17] prmem: pratomic-long


Petr_Mladek/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCHv3] panic: avoid deadlocks in re-entrant console drivers


Pierre-Louis_Bossart/
=============
   2  Re: Regression found (Stop-marking-clocks-as-CLK_IS_CRITICAL)


Rob_Herring/
=============
   1  [PATCH] of: Fix cpu node iterator to not ignore disabled cpu nodes
   1  Re: [PATCH] mfd: arizona: Correct link for sound binding document
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 5/8] ARM: l2x0: add marvell,ecc-enable property for
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/8] dt-bindings: regulator: document stpmic1 pmic
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/8] dt-bindings: mfd: document stpmic1
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/2] dt-bindings: iio: vadc: Update example to include
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] dt-bindings: iio: adc: Add docs for ad7124
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 22/25] dt-bindings: sun6i-dsi: Add compatible for A64
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 19/25] dt-bindings: panel: Add Techstar TS8550B MIPI
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 17/25] dt-bindings: panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] iio: adc128s052: Add pin-compatible IDs
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] dt-bindings: iio: adc: Add Xilinx AMS binding
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] dt-bindings: crypto: ccree: add ccree 713
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] spi: uniphier: re-add addressing properties
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] dt-bindings/interrupt-controller: rzn1: Add RZ/N1
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/4] drm/panel: simple: Add AUO G101EVN010 panel
   1  Re: [PATCH V2] dt-bindings: arm: Explain capacities-dmips-mhz
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 2/2] Documentation: can: flexcan: Add stop mode
   1  Re: NXP P50XX/e5500 secondary CPUs not onlined with current mainline


Roger_Pau_Monné/
=============
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 7/8] viridian: define type for the 'virtual
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/8] viridian: remove duplicate union types
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 8/8] viridian: introduce struct viridian_page
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 5/8] viridian: separate interrupt related
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/8] viridian: remove comments referencing
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/8] viridian: remove MSR perf counters
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] xen-blkfront: fix kernel panic with negotiate_mq


Roy_Pledge/
=============
   1  [PATCH v1 2/2] soc: fsl: dpio: Add support for memory backed QBMan
   1  [PATCH v1 1/2] bus: mc-bus: Add support for mapping shareable portals
   1  [PATCH v1 0/2] soc: fsl: dpio: Add support for memory backed QBMan


Sagi_Grimberg/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 15/16] block: add REQ_HIPRI and inherit it from IOCB_HIPRI
   1  Re: [PATCH 14/16] nvme: utilize two queue maps, one for reads and one
   1  Re: [PATCH 13/16] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)
   1  Re: [PATCH 12/16] blk-mq: initial support for multiple queue maps
   1  Re: [PATCH 11/16] blk-mq: improve plug list sorting
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/16] blk-mq: cleanup and improve list insertion
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/16] blk-mq: cache request hardware queue mapping
   1  Re: [PATCH 08/16] blk-mq: separate number of hardware queues from
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/16] blk-mq: support multiple hctx maps
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/16] blk-mq: add 'type' attribute to the sysfs hctx
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/16] blk-mq: allow software queue to map to multiple
   1  Re: [PATCH 04/16] blk-mq: pass in request/bio flags to queue mapping
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/16] blk-mq: provide dummy blk_mq_map_queue_type()
   1  Re: [PATCH 02/16] blk-mq: abstract out queue map
   1  Re: [PATCH 01/16] blk-mq: kill q->mq_map


Santosh_Shilimkar/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH] soc: ti: QMSS: Fix usage of irq_set_affinity_hint
   1  Re: WARNING in rds_message_alloc_sgs


Sean_Young/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] dvb: Allow MAC addresses to be mapped to stable device


Shawn_Guo/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx: Add dummy PHYs for HSIC-only USB
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 6/6] arm64: dts: add LX2160ARDB board support
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 4/4] ARM: imx_v6_v7_defconfig: Enable
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/4] ARM: dts: imx6ull: Add dcp node
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] ARM: dts: imx6sx: Add DISPLAY power domain support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] soc: imx: gpc: Increase GPC_CLK_MAX to 7


Srinivas_Pandruvada/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] platform/x86: intel_pmc_core: Show Latency
   1  Re: Build error in drivers/cpufreq/intel_pstate.c


Stefan_Wahren/
=============
   1  [PATCH] firmware: raspberrypi: Define timeout for transactions


Stefano_Stabellini/
=============
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 6/8] docs: documentation about static
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] arm,


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] clk changes for v4.20
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] clk: qcom : dispcc: Add support for display port clocks
   1  =?utf-8?q?Re=3A=C2=A0Re=3A_=5BPATCH_v2=5D_clk=3A_boston=3A_fix_possible_m?=


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/3] tracing: a few simplifying patches
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] tracing: Updates for 4.20 (or 5.0)


Suganath_Prabu_Subramani/
=============
   1  [PATCH v7 8/8] mpt3sas: Bump driver version to 27.100.00.00.
   1  [PATCH v7 7/8] mpt3sas: Fix driver modifying persistent data in Manufacturing page11
   1  [PATCH v7 6/8] mpt3sas: Don't modify EEDPTagMode field setting on SAS3.5 HBA devices
   1  [PATCH v7 5/8] mpt3sas: Fix Sync cache command failure during driver unload
   1  [PATCH v7 4/8] mpt3sas: Call sas_remove_host before removing the target devices
   1  [PATCH v7 3/8] mpt3sas: Refactor mpt3sas_wait_for_ioc function
   1  [PATCH v7 2/8] mpt3sas: Separate out mpt3sas_wait_for_ioc
   1  [PATCH v7 1/8] mpt3sas: Added new #define variable IOC_OPERATIONAL_WAIT_COUNT
   1  [PATCH v7 0/8] mpt3sas: some bug fixes patches


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
   1  Re: WARNING in kernfs_get


Theodore_Tso/
=============
   1  Re: Bug#912087: openssh-server: Slow startup after the upgrade to


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 11/14] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)


Ulf_Hansson/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: mmci: add variant property to send stop cmd if a
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/4 v6] memstick: rtsx_usb_ms: Support runtime power management
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4 v5] memstick: Prevent memstick host from getting


VFS_Alexander_Viro/
=============
   1  [git pull] mount API series


Vinod_Koul/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 3/4] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add tsens controller
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 0/4] thermal: tsens: Add support for QCS404 platform


Viresh_Kumar/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] base/drivers/arch_topology: Remove useless check


Vladimir_Zapolskiy/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/7] dt-bindings: mfd: ds90ux9xx: add description of TI


Wei_Liu/
=============
   4  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 07/16] x86: put XEN_DOMCTL_{set,
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] use consistent values when consuming
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] libvchan: create xenstore entries in one
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] libxl/arm: fix guest type conversion
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v2] tools: libxl/xl: run NUMA placement
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] tools/hotplug: remove xen-hotplug-cleanup
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] libxl: libxl__ev_fd_callback: Document
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] libxl/arm: fix guest type conversion
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] libxencall: Make bufdev/nobufdev mmap error
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] docs: remove ChangeLog file
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 7/7] amd/pvh: enable ACPI C1E disable
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 3/7] x86/pvh: allow PVH Dom0 to use the
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] libxencall: Improve linux syscall error
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 9/9] viridian: introduce struct
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 8/9] tools/misc: fix hard tabs in
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 03/16] x86: make traps.c build with
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V3 3/3] x86/altp2m: fix display frozen when
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V2] Release: add release note link to


Will_Deacon/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 16/17] prmem: pratomic-long


Wolfram_Sang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] i2c: Clear client->irq in i2c_device_remove


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo
   1  Re: [PATCH v10 0/7] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr


Zhang_Rui/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] Thermal management updates for v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: 4.18: early boot crash in thermal_cooling_device_destroy_sysfs


alsa-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] ALSA:hda: fix front speakers on Huawei MBXP.
   1  [PATCH v2] ASoC: AMD: Fix race condition between register access
   1  [PATCH 3/3] ALSA:hda: add support for Huawei WMI MicMute LED


bcm-kernel-feedback-list/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 04/17] thermal: separate sensor registration and


codalist/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] codafs: Fix build using bare-metal toolchain
   1  [PATCH v2] codafs: Fix build using bare-metal toolchain


dri-devel/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH V2] MAINTAINERS: Add entry for VKMS
   1  [PATCH] drm: Remove 80-column line in drm_mode_object.c
   1  Re: [linux-sunxi] Re: [PATCH v3 17/25] dt-bindings: panel: Add
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] ARM: dts: imx6sx: Add DISPLAY power domain support
   1  Re: [Outreachy kernel] Re: [PATCH] drm: Remove 80-column line in drm_mode_object.c


intel-gfx/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH v3] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
   1  [PATCH v3] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] sysfs: constify sysfs create/remove files harder


iommu/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 1/1] iommu/arm-smmu-v3: eliminate a potential memory corruption on hi1620 and earlier
   1  Re: [RFC 2/3] USB: core: Add non-coherent buffer allocation helpers
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/1] iommu/arm-smmu-v3: eliminate a potential memory


kernel-janitors/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] kernel/SRCU: Fix ctags
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf/core: clean up inconsisent indentation


kexec/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] kdump/x86: crashkernel=X try to reserve below 896M


kgdb-bugreport/
=============
   1  [RFC PATCH] arm64/mm: hit DEBUG_LOCKS_WARN_ON
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] arm64/mm: hit DEBUG_LOCKS_WARN_ON
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/7] smp: Don't yell about IRQs disabled in kgdb_roundup_cpus()


kvm-arm/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] ARM: module: Fix function kallsyms on Thumb-2
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] kgdb: Fix kgdb_roundup_cpus() for arches who used smp_call_function()
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] kgdb: Remove irq flags from roundup
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] kgdb: Fix kgdb_roundup_cpus()
   1  [PATCH 8/8] clk: apcs-msm8916: simplify probe cleanup by using devm
   1  [PATCH 7/8] clk: clk-twl6040: Free of_provider at remove
   1  [PATCH 6/8] clk: rk808: use managed version of of_provider
   1  [PATCH 5/8] clk: clk-hi655x: Free of_provider at remove
   1  [PATCH 4/8] clk: clk-st: avoid clkdev lookup leak at remove
   1  [PATCH 3/8] clk: clk-s3c2410-dclk: clean up clkdev lookup leak
   1  [PATCH 2/8] clk: clk-max77686: Clean clkdev lookup leak and use devm
   1  [PATCH 1/8] clk: clkdev/of_clk - add managed lookup and provider
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: kprobes: Fix false positive with FORTIFY_SOURCE
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/6] of/fdt: Remove custom __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/6] arm64: Utilize phys_initrd_start/phys_initrd_size
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/7] kgdb: Remove irq flags and local_irq_enable/disable
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/8] clk: clkdev/of_clk - add managed lookup and provider
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/13] kvm: selftests: add aarch64 framework and dirty


kvm-ppc/
=============
   1  Re: [v2] KVM: PPC: Use exported tb_to_ns() function in decrementer emulation


linux-acpi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v7] i2c: Add PCI and platform drivers for the AMD MP2 I2C controller
   1  Re: [PATCH v7] i2c: Add PCI and platform drivers for the AMD MP2 I2C
   1  Re: [PATCH v10 0/7] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr
   1  Re: 4.18: early boot crash in thermal_cooling_device_destroy_sysfs


linux-arch/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification


linux-aspeed/
=============
   1  [PATCH i2c-next v9 5/5] i2c: aspeed: Add bus idle waiting logic for multi-master use cases
   1  [PATCH i2c-next v9 4/5] i2c: aspeed: Remove hard-coded bus timeout value setting
   1  [PATCH i2c-next v9 3/5] dt-bindings: i2c: aspeed: Add 'bus-timeout-ms' property as an optional property
   1  [PATCH i2c-next v9 2/5] i2c: core: Add support reading of 'bus-timeout-ms' and '#retries' properties
   1  [PATCH i2c-next v9 1/5] dt-bindings: i2c: Add 'bus-timeout-ms' and '#retries' properties as common optional
   1  [PATCH i2c-next v9 0/5] i2c: aspeed: Add bus idle waiting logic for multi-master use cases
   1  Re: [PATCH i2c-next v9 5/5] i2c: aspeed: Add bus idle waiting logic


linux-block/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] loop: Better discard support for block devices
   1  [PATCH 1/2] loop: Report EOPNOTSUPP properly
   1  [PATCH 0/2] loop: Better discard for block devices
   1  Re: upstream boot error (2)


linux-bluetooth/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] Bluetooth: hci_qca: Add helper to set device address.


linux-clk/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 0/8] OLPC 1.75 Keyboard/Touchpad fixes
   1  [PATCH v3] clk: qoriq: add more chips support
   1  [PATCH v3 2/2] clk: boston: unregister clks on failure in clk_boston_setup()
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] clk: boston: fix possible memory leak in clk_boston_setup()
   1  [PATCH v3 0/2] fix memory leak and unregister issue in clk_boston_setup()
   1  [PATCH 2/2 v3] clk: qoriq: add more compatibles strings
   1  [PATCH 1/2 v3] powerpc/fsl: Use new clockgen binding
   1  Re: [PATCH linux-next v1 2/4] clk: renesas: Add binding document for


linux-crypto/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/4] crypto: mxs-dcp - Add support for dcp clk


linux-doc/
=============
   1  [PATCH] Document /proc/pid PID reuse behavior


linux-ext4/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 11/11] ext4: access to uninitialized bh fields in
   1  [PATCH v2 10/11] ext4: remove useless brelse call in
   1  [PATCH v2 09/11] ext4: iloc.bh cleanup in add_new_gdb()
   1  [PATCH v2 08/11] ext4: lost brelse in ext4_orphan_add()
   1  [PATCH v2 07/11] ext4: lost put_bh in ext4_mark_iloc_dirty()
   1  [PATCH v2 06/11] ext4 resize: lost resize_inode cleanup before retry
   1  [PATCH v2 05/11] ext4 resize: lost rollback in ext4_resize_fs()
   1  [PATCH v2 04/11] ext4 resize: lost brelse() in update_backups()
   1  [PATCH v2 03/11] ext4 resize: brelse() cleanup in
   1  [PATCH v2 02/11] ext4 resize: missing brelse() after errors in
   1  [PATCH v2 01/11] ext4 resise: extra brelse in
   1  [PATCH v2 00/11] ext4: number of long lived errors
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 11/11] ext4: access to uninitialized bh fields in


linux-f2fs-devel/
=============
   1  Re: [BUG] Kernel BUG when mounting and then unmounting a fuzzed F2FS image


linux-fsdevel/
=============
   3  Re: WARNING in get_unlocked_entry
   1  [RFC] sunrpc: Fix flood of warnings from iov_iter_kvec in linux-next
   1  Re: mmotm 2018-10-30-16-08 uploaded (arch/x86/kernel/vsmp_64.c)
   1  Re: [PATCH] fs/proc: introduce /proc/stat2 file


linux-gpio/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] gpiolib: fix possible use after free on label
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] pinctrl: mediatek: Add initial pinctrl driver for
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/7] mfd: ds90ux9xx: add TI DS90Ux9xx de-/serializer MFD
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/7] dt-bindings: pinctrl: ds90ux9xx: add description of
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/7] dt-bindings: mfd: ds90ux9xx: add description of TI
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] pinctrl: pinctrl-npcm7xx: Set BGPIOF_VOLATILE_REG
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/7] dt-bindings: mfd: ds90ux9xx: add description of TI


linux-hwmon/
=============
   1  [PATCH] hwmon: (adt7475) document mapping of sysfs entries to inputs


linux-ide/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ata: add Buddha PATA controller driver


linux-iio/
=============
   1  [PATCH v7 2/3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Drop the gpioin flag.
   1  [PATCH v7 1/3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  [PATCH v7 0/3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Add scale info and improve


linux-input/
=============
   2  Re: Logitech high-resolution scrolling..


linux-kbuild/
=============
   1  [PATCH] remove old GCC version implementation


linux-kselftest/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] trace: remove kretprobed checks
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] kselftests/bpf: use ping6 as the default ipv6 ping


linux-media/
=============
   1  [SPAM] general protection fault in __vb2_queue_free
   1  [SPAM] WARNING in vb2_core_reqbufs
   1  [SPAM] Re: general protection fault in __vb2_queue_free
   1  [SPAM] Re: KASAN: null-ptr-deref Write in kthread_stop
   1  [PATCH] media: venus: dynamic handling of bitrate
   1  Re: divide error in vivid_vid_cap_s_dv_timings
   1  Re: [PATCH] dvb: Allow MAC addresses to be mapped to stable device


linux-mediatek/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] mm/page_owner: use kvmalloc instead of kmalloc
   1  [PATCH] spi: mediatek: use correct mata->xfer_len when in fifo transfer


linux-mtd/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] mtd: spi-nor: Add support for SPI boot flash access


linux-next/
=============
   1  linux-next: Tree for Oct 31
   1  linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commit in the tpmdd tree
   1  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the compiler-attributes tree with
   1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 31 (vboxguest)


linux-nfs/
=============
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] nfsd changes for 4.20


linux-nvdimm/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] Allow persistent memory to be used like normal RAM


linux-pci/
=============
   2  RE: [PATCH 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.
   1  Re: [PATCH] PCI: imx: Add imx6sx suspend/resume support


linux-perf-users/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf util: take pgoff into account when reporting elf to
   1  Re: Broken dwarf unwinding - wrong stack pointer register value?


linux-pm/
=============
   1  Build error in drivers/cpufreq/intel_pstate.c


linux-ppp/
=============
   1  UBSAN: Undefined behaviour in drivers/net/ppp/ppp_generic.c


linux-rdma/
=============
   1  [SPAM] WARNING in rds_message_alloc_sgs
   1  Re: WARNING in rds_message_alloc_sgs


linux-renesas-soc/
=============
   2  RE: [PATCH v2 2/2] irqchip: Add support for Renesas RZ/N1 GPIO
   1  RE: [PATCH v2 1/2] dt-bindings/interrupt-controller: rzn1: Add RZ/N1


linux-riscv/
=============
   1  [RFC 2/2] RISC-V: make dma_map_ops work without cache coherent agent
   1  [RFC 1/2] RISC-V: An infrastructure to add vendor-specific code.
   1  [RFC 0/2] RISC-V: A proposal to add vendor-specific code
   1  Re: [RFC 0/2] RISC-V: A proposal to add vendor-specific code


linux-rockchip/
=============
   1  [PATCH v1 14/14] spi: rockchip: support lsb-first mode
   1  [PATCH v1 13/14] spi: rockchip: support 4bit words
   1  [PATCH v1 12/14] spi: rockchip: use irq rather than polling
   1  [PATCH v1 11/14] spi: rockchip: precompute rx sample delay
   1  [PATCH v1 10/14] spi: rockchip: set min/max speed
   1  [PATCH v1 09/14] spi: rockchip: simplify use_dma logic
   1  [PATCH v1 08/14] spi: rockchip: remove master pointer from dev data
   1  [PATCH v1 07/14] spi: rockchip: don't store dma channels twice
   1  [PATCH v1 06/14] spi: rockchip: read transfer info directly
   1  [PATCH v1 05/14] spi: rockchip: disable spi on error
   1  [PATCH v1 04/14] spi: rockchip: use atomic_t state
   1  [PATCH v1 03/14] spi: rockchip: always use SPI mode
   1  [PATCH v1 02/14] spi: rockchip: use designated init for dma config
   1  [PATCH v1 01/14] spi: rockchip: make spi_enable_chip take bool
   1  [PATCH v1 00/14] Rockchip SPI cleanup and use interrupts


linux-scsi/
=============
   1  RE: scsi_set_medium_removal timeout issue 


linux-security-module/
=============
   2  RE: [Patch v4 13/18] security: Update security level of a process
   1  [Patch v4 13/18] security: Update security level of a process when
   1  Re: [Patch v4 13/18] security: Update security level of a process
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 5/5] tpm: ensure that output of PCR read contains the
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] tpm: change the end marker of the active_banks


linux-serial/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/9] mailbox: tegra-hsp: Add support for shared mailboxes


linux-snps-arc/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARC: [plat-hsdk] Enable DW APB GPIO support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] ARC: IOC: panic if kernel was started with


linux-soc/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH v2] soc: qcom: rmtfs_mem: Control remoteproc from
   2  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: sdm845: Add PSCI cpuidle low power states
   1  [RFC PATCH v3] remoteproc: qcom: q6v5-mss: Sync MSS with RMTFS QMI service
   1  [PATCH v2] arm64: dts: sdm845: Add PSCI cpuidle low power states
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add reserve-memory nodes


linux-usb/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] USB: Don't enable LPM if it's already enabled
   1  [PATCH 4/4 v6] memstick: rtsx_usb_ms: Support runtime power management
   1  [PATCH 2/4 v6] memstick: Prevent memstick host from getting runtime suspended during card detection
   1  [PATCH 1/4 v6] misc: rtsx_usb: Use USB remote wakeup signaling for card insertion detection
   1  [PATCH 0/4 v6] Keep rtsx_usb suspended when there's no card
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4 v5] memstick: Prevent memstick host from getting


linux-xfs/
=============
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the xfs tree with Linus' tree
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the vfs tree with the xfs tree
   1  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the xfs tree with Linus' tree
   1  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the vfs tree with the xfs tree


linuxppc-dev/
=============
   1  [PATCH] powerpc/32: Add .data..Lubsan_data*/.data..Lubsan_type* sections explicitly
   1  [PATCH] =?UTF-8?q?powerpc/mm:=20remove=20const=20type=20qualifier?= =?UTF-8?q?=20from=20function=20=E2=80=98pud=5Fpfn=E2=80=99?=
   1  Re: [v6,08/20] powerpc/8xx: Use patch_site for perf counters setup
   1  Re: [v6,07/20] powerpc/8xx: Use patch_site for memory setup patching
   1  Re: [v6, 06/20] powerpc/code-patching: add a helper to get the address of a patch_site
   1  Re: [v6, 01/20] Revert "powerpc/8xx: Use L1 entry APG to handle _PAGE_ACCESSED for CONFIG_SWAP"


openbmc/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH net-next v2 5/6] net/ncsi: Reset channel state in
   1  RE: [PATCH net-next 5/6] net/ncsi: Reset channel state in


osuosl-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [Outreachy kernel] [RESEND PATCH 2/2] staging: vboxvideo: Use
   2  Re: [Outreachy kernel] Re: [PATCH v2] staging: vboxvideo: Remove
   1  [PATCH v3] staging: vboxvideo: Remove unnecessary parentheses
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] staging: vboxvideo: Remove unnecessary parentheses


platform-driver-x86/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH V4 4/5] misc/pvpanic: add support to get pvpanic device
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V4 5/5] dt-bindings/misc/pvpanic :add document
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V4 4/5] misc/pvpanic: add support to get
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V4 2/5] misc/pvpanic : convert to SPDX license
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V4 1/5] pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as
   1  [PATCH] x86: add support for Huawei WMI hotkeys.
   1  [PATCH V4 3/5]  misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] platform/x86: intel_pmc_core: Show Latency
   1  Re: [PATCH V4 3/5] misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support
   1  Re: [PATCH V4 2/5] misc/pvpanic : convert to SPDX license tags
   1  Re: [PATCH V4 1/5] pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as common driver


qemu-devel/
=============
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 00/20] Qemu trivial for 3.1 patches


sparclinux/
=============
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v4 3/6] mm: Use memblock/zone specific iterator for


tipc-discussion/
=============
   1  [SPAM] KMSAN: uninit-value in tipc_nl_compat_name_table_dump
   1  [SPAM] KMSAN: uninit-value in tipc_nl_compat_bearer_enable


virtualization/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] drm/virtio: Use IDAs more efficiently
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] drm/virtio: Handle error from virtio_gpu_resource_id_get
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] drm/virtio: bump driver version after explicit
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/5] drm/virtio: add out-fences support for explicit synchronization
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/5] drm/virtio: add in-fences support for explicit synchronization
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] drm/virtio: add uapi for in and out explicit fences
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] drm/virtio: add virtio_gpu_alloc_fence()
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/5] virgl: fence fd support
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/4] Improve virtio ID allocation


x86_Andy_Lutomirski/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86/fsgsbase/64: Fix the base write helper functions


xen-devel/
=============
   7  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V3 2/3] x86/mm: allocate logdirty_ranges for
   4  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/1] tools/ocaml: Re-introduce
   4  Re: [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] README.hardware-acquisition
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] tools/misc/xenpm: fix getting info when
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 07/16] x86: put XEN_DOMCTL_{set,
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/1] tools/ocaml: make type of Xsraw.sync
   2  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus bisection] complete
   2  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] libvchan: create xenstore entries in one
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen-blkfront: fix kernel panic with
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] use consistent values when consuming
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 6/8] docs: documentation about static
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] iommu / p2m: add a page_order parameter
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 1/1] tools/ocaml: Re-introduce
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 09/16] x86: don't setup PV hypercall
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V3 1/3] x86/altp2m: propagate ept.ad changes
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 7/8] viridian: define type for the 'virtual
   1  [Xen-devel] dom0/pvh: Follow up discussion from xen-devel - Low
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 129196: tolerable all pass -
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 129189: regressions - FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 129138: regressions - FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [qemu-mainline baseline-only test] 75545: trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [distros-debian-squeeze test] 75551: tolerable FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] tools/misc/xenpm: fix getting info when some
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] tools/hotplug: remove xen-hotplug-cleanup
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] tools/misc/xenpm: fix getting info when some
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 1/1] tools/ocaml: Re-introduce
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/1] tools/ocaml: Re-introduce Xenctrl.with_intf
   1  [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] cr-for-branches: Add linux-4.19
   1  [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] README.hardware-acquisition
   1  [Xen-devel] XSM SILO boot time spew
   1  [Xen-devel] Does XEN ARM support RTC in domu?
   1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] tools/misc/xenpm: fix getting
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] libxl: libxl__ev_fd_callback: Document
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] libvchan: create xenstore entries in one
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 7/8] xen/arm: export shared memory
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 3/8] libxl: support mapping static shared
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 2/8] libxl: introduce a new structure to
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 25/25] xen/arm: split domain_build.c
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 18/25] xen/arm: generate vpl011 node on
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 15/25] xen/arm: implement construct_domU
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 11/25] xen/arm: introduce allocate_memory
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V3 3/3] x86/altp2m: fix display frozen when
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH RESEND qemu-xen-traditional] xen/pt: allow
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/8] viridian: move the code into its own
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] README.hardware-acquisition [and 1


