The patch stats this week look a little bit more normal than last tim,
probably simply because it's also a normal-sized rc4 rather than the
unusually small rc3.

So this time around, about 60% of the patch is drivers (networking,
HID, gpu, usb, mtd..) which is the usual distribution. The rest being
a random mix of networking, filesystem fixes, arch updates,
Documentation etc. And some fixes to the new xarray code.

Nothing looks particularly odd or scary, although we do have some
known stuff still pending. For example, the STIBP fixes are still
being discussed and fine-tuned and haven't been merged yet. And
there's a few mm fixes being talked about. Nothing that should keep
people from testing the 4.20 rc's, though, so go out and test.

One thing I did forget to mention last rc, but did come up in some of
the pull request threads, and that people might have noticed that way:
I've stopped doing the manual pull request acknowledgement emails,
because Konstantin's automation to do it has gone live and is working
well. It's worth pointing out, though, that the automation only works
for pull requests that have been cc'd to mailing lists that are being
tracked by the lore.kernel.org archives, and have an email address
that matches "linux-*". So that's obviously mainly LKML, but it does
trigger for linux-block too, for example.

The reason I'm mentioning it is that if you're not seeing the pull
request automation emails, it might be because you didn't cc a list
that is getting tracked..

                   Linus

---

Aaro Koskinen (1):
      MIPS: OCTEON: cavium_octeon_defconfig: re-enable OCTEON USB driver

Aaron Ma (2):
      usb: xhci: fix uninitialized completion when USB3 port got wrong status
      usb: xhci: fix timeout for transition from RExit to U0

Adrian Hunter (1):
      mmc: sdhci-pci: Workaround GLK firmware failing to restore the
tuning value

Alexander Stein (1):
      can: flexcan: Always use last mailbox for TX

Andreas Fiedler (1):
      net: gemini: Fix copy/paste error

Andrew Morton (1):
      drivers/net/ethernet/qlogic/qed/qed_rdma.h: fix typo

Andy Shevchenko (2):
      usb: dwc3: core: Clean up ULPI device
      MAINTAINERS: Do maintain Intel GPIO drivers via separate tree

Anup Patel (1):
      RISC-V: Build flat and compressed kernel images

Arnd Bergmann (2):
      media: v4l: fix uapi mpeg slice params definition
      mt76: fix building without CONFIG_LEDS_CLASS

Arthur Kiyanovski (3):
      net: ena: fix crash during failed resume from hibernation
      net: ena: fix crash during ena_remove()
      net: ena: update driver version from 2.0.1 to 2.0.2

Aya Levin (1):
      net/mlx4: Fix UBSAN warning of signed integer overflow

Bartosz Golaszewski (2):
      MAINTAINERS: add myself as co-maintainer of gpiolib
      gpio: mockup: fix indicated direction

Benjamin Tissoires (7):
      Revert "HID: input: simplify/fix high-res scroll event handling"
      Revert "HID: logitech: fix a used uninitialized GCC warning"
      Revert "HID: logitech: Use LDJ_DEVICE macro for existing Logitech mice"
      Revert "HID: logitech: Enable high-resolution scrolling on Logitech mice"
      Revert "HID: logitech: Add function to enable HID++ 1.0
"scrolling acceleration""
      Revert "HID: input: Create a utility class for counting scroll events"
      Revert "Input: Add the `REL_WHEEL_HI_RES` event code"

Benson Leung (1):
      HID: input: Ignore battery reported by Symbol DS4308

Bill Kuzeja (1):
      scsi: qla2xxx: Timeouts occur on surprise removal of QLogic adapter

Boris Brezillon (2):
      drm/vc4: Fix NULL pointer dereference in the async update path
      drm/vc4: Set ->legacy_cursor_update to false when doing non-async updates

Brenda J. Butler (1):
      tc-testing: tdc.py: Guard against lack of returncode in executed command

Brian Foster (1):
      xfs: fix shared extent data corruption due to missing cow reservation

Brian Norris (1):
      ath10k: don't assume 'vif' is non-NULL in flush()

Chanho Min (1):
      exec: make de_thread() freezable

Cherian, George (1):
      xhci: Add quirk to workaround the errata seen on Cavium Thunder-X2 Soc

Chris Wilson (2):
      drm/i915: Prevent machine hang from Broxton's vtd w/a and error capture
      drm/i915: Write GPU relocs harder with gen3

Christophe JAILLET (1):
      net: lantiq: Fix returned value in case of error in 'xrx200_probe()'

Colin Ian King (1):
      test_firmware: fix error return getting clobbered

Connor McAdams (2):
      ALSA: hda/ca0132 - Add new ZxR quirk
      ALSA: hda/ca0132 - fix AE-5 pincfg

Dan Carpenter (3):
      ath9k: Fix a locking bug in ath9k_add_interface()
      uio: Fix an Oops on load
      usb: dwc2: pci: Fix an error code in probe

Dave Chinner (11):
      xfs: uncached buffer tracing needs to print bno
      xfs: fix transient reference count error in
xfs_buf_resubmit_failed_buffers
      xfs: finobt AG reserves don't consider last AG can be a runt
      xfs: extent shifting doesn't fully invalidate page cache
      xfs: flush removing page cache in xfs_reflink_remap_prep
      xfs: delalloc -> unwritten COW fork allocation can go wrong
      iomap: FUA is wrong for DIO O_DSYNC writes into unwritten extents
      iomap: sub-block dio needs to zeroout beyond EOF
      iomap: dio data corruption and spurious errors when pipes fill
      vfs: vfs_dedupe_file_range() doesn't return EOPNOTSUPP
      iomap: readpages doesn't zero page tail beyond EOF

Dave Gerlach (1):
      cpufreq: ti-cpufreq: Only register platform_device when supported

David Abdurachmanov (2):
      riscv: fix warning in arch/riscv/include/asm/module.h
      riscv: add asm/unistd.h UAPI header

David Ahern (1):
      ipv6: Fix PMTU updates for UDP/raw sockets in presence of VRF

David Herrmann (1):
      Revert "HID: uhid: use strlcpy() instead of strncpy()"

David Howells (1):
      rxrpc: Fix life check

David S. Miller (1):
      Revert "net: phy: mdio-gpio: Fix working over slow can_sleep GPIOs"

Davide Caratti (3):
      net/sched: act_pedit: fix memory leak when IDR allocation fails
      net/sched: act_police: fix race condition on state variables
      net/sched: act_police: add missing spinlock initialization

Denis Bolotin (5):
      qed: Fix PTT leak in qed_drain()
      qed: Fix overriding offload_tc by protocols without APP TLV
      qed: Fix reading wrong value in loop condition
      qed: Fix bitmap_weight() check
      qed: Fix QM getters to always return a valid pq

Denis Drozdov (1):
      net/mlx5e: IPoIB, Reset QP after channels are closed

Dennis Wassenberg (1):
      usb: core: Fix hub port connection events lost

Dexuan Cui (1):
      Drivers: hv: kvp: Fix the recent regression caused by incorrect clean-up

Emmanuel Grumbach (2):
      iwlwifi: mvm: support sta_statistics() even on older firmware
      iwlwifi: mvm: fix regulatory domain update when the firmware starts

Emmanuel Pescosta (1):
      usb: quirks: Add delay-init quirk for Corsair K70 LUX RGB

Eric Biggers (2):
      HID: uhid: forbid UHID_CREATE under KERNEL_DS or elevated privileges
      xfs: make xfs_file_remap_range() static

Eric Dumazet (3):
      net_sched: sch_fq: ensure maxrate fq parameter applies to EDT flows
      net-gro: reset skb->pkt_type in napi_reuse_skb()
      tcp: defer SACK compression after DupThresh

Eugeniu Rosca (1):
      dt-bindings: can: rcar_can: document r8a77965 support

Evan Quan (1):
      drm/amd/powerplay: disable Vega20 DS related features

Ezequiel Garcia (1):
      media: Rename vb2_m2m_request_queue -> v4l2_m2m_request_queue

Fabio Estevam (1):
      dt-bindings: dsa: Fix typo in "probed"

Fabrizio Castro (2):
      can: rcar_can: Fix erroneous registration
      dt-bindings: can: rcar_can: Add r8a774a1 support

Felipe Balbi (1):
      usb: dwc3: gadget: fix ISOC TRB type on unaligned transfers

Felix Kuehling (1):
      drm/amdgpu: Fix oops when pp_funcs->switch_power_profile is unset

Filippo Sironi (1):
      amd/iommu: Fix Guest Virtual APIC Log Tail Address Register

Ganesh Goudar (1):
      cxgb4: fix thermal zone build error

Geert Uytterhoeven (1):
      iommu/ipmmu-vmsa: Fix crash on early domain free

Gerd Hoffmann (1):
      udmabuf: set read/write flag when exporting

Greathouse, Joseph (1):
      drm/amd/pp: handle negative values when reading OD

Greg Kroah-Hartman (1):
      MAINTAINERS: Add Sasha as a stable branch maintainer

Gustavo A. R. Silva (1):
      drivers/misc/sgi-gru: fix Spectre v1 vulnerability

Hangbin Liu (2):
      net/ipv6: re-do dad when interface has IFF_NOARP flag change
      team: no need to do team_notify_peers or team_mcast_rejoin when
disabling port

Hans Verkuil (3):
      media: vicodec: lower minimum height to 360
      media: cec: check for non-OK/NACK conditions while claiming a LA
      media: cec: increase debug level for 'queue full'

Hans Wippel (2):
      net/smc: abort CLC connection in smc_release
      net/smc: add SMC-D shutdown signal

Hans de Goede (1):
      ACPI / platform: Add SMB0001 HID to forbidden_id_list

Heiner Kallweit (2):
      MAINTAINERS: Add myself as third phylib maintainer
      MAINTAINERS: add myself as co-maintainer for r8169

Huacai Chen (1):
      MIPS: Let early memblock_alloc*() allocate memories bottom-up

Ilya Dryomov (1):
      libceph: fall back to sendmsg for slab pages

Jack Morgenstein (1):
      net/mlx4_core: Zero out lkey field in SW2HW_MPT fw command

James Smart (1):
      nvme-fc: resolve io failures during connect

Jason Wang (2):
      virtio-net: disable guest csum during XDP set
      virtio-net: fail XDP set if guest csum is negotiated

Jimmy Assarsson (2):
      can: kvaser_usb: Fix potential uninitialized variable use
      can: kvaser_usb: Fix accessing freed memory in kvaser_usb_start_xmit()

Jiri Olsa (2):
      tools cpupower debug: Allow to use outside build flags
      tools cpupower: Override CFLAGS assignments

Johan Hovold (3):
      gnss: serial: fix synchronous write timeout
      gnss: sirf: fix synchronous write timeout
      mtd: rawnand: atmel: fix OF child-node lookup

John Stultz (1):
      wlcore: Fixup "Add support for optional wakeirq"

Jon Maloy (2):
      tipc: fix lockdep warning when reinitilaizing sockets
      tipc: don't assume linear buffer when reading ancillary data

Juliet Kim (1):
      net/ibmnvic: Fix deadlock problem in reset

Kai-Heng Feng (4):
      USB: Wait for extra delay time after USB_PORT_FEAT_RESET for quirky hub
      USB: quirks: Add no-lpm quirk for Raydium touchscreens
      HID: multitouch: Add pointstick support for Cirque Touchpad
      HID: i2c-hid: Disable runtime PM for LG touchscreen

Karsten Graul (1):
      net/smc: use queue pair number when matching link group

Keerthy (2):
      opp: ti-opp-supply: Dynamically update u_volt_min
      opp: ti-opp-supply: Correct the supply in _get_optimal_vdd_voltage call

Kenneth Feng (1):
      drm/amdgpu: Enable HDP memory light sleep

Konstantin Khlebnikov (1):
      tools/power/cpupower: fix compilation with STATIC=true

Kuppuswamy Sathyanarayanan (1):
      usb: dwc3: Fix NULL pointer exception in dwc3_pci_remove()

Linus Torvalds (1):
      Linux 4.20-rc4

Lorenzo Bianconi (3):
      mt76: fix uninitialized mutex access setting rts threshold
      net: thunderx: set xdp_prog to NULL if bpf_prog_add fails
      net: thunderx: set tso_hdrs pointer to NULL in nicvf_free_snd_queue

Lu Baolu (1):
      iommu/vt-d: Fix NULL pointer dereference in prq_event_thread()

Luc Van Oostenryck (1):
      MAINTAINERS: change Sparse's maintainer

Luca Coelho (1):
      iwlwifi: mvm: don't use SAR Geo if basic SAR is not used

Lucas Bates (1):
      tc-testing: tdc.py: ignore errors when decoding stdout/stderr

Lukas Wunner (1):
      can: hi311x: Use level-triggered interrupt

Maarten Jacobs (1):
      usb: cdc-acm: add entry for Hiro (Conexant) modem

Marc Kleine-Budde (5):
      can: flexcan: remove not needed struct flexcan_priv::tx_mb and
struct flexcan_priv::tx_mb_idx
      can: dev: can_get_echo_skb(): factor out non sending code to
__can_get_echo_skb()
      can: dev: __can_get_echo_skb(): replace struct can_frame by
canfd_frame to access frame length
      can: dev: __can_get_echo_skb(): Don't crash the kernel if
can_priv::echo_skb is accessed out of bounds
      can: dev: __can_get_echo_skb(): print error message, if trying
to echo non existing skb

Martin Schiller (2):
      net: phy: mdio-gpio: Fix working over slow can_sleep GPIOs
      net: phy: mdio-gpio: Fix working over slow can_sleep GPIOs

Mathias Nyman (3):
      xhci: Fix leaking USB3 shared_hcd at xhci removal
      xhci: handle port status events for removed USB3 hcd
      usb: xhci: Prevent bus suspend if a port connect change or
polling state is detected

Matt Chen (1):
      iwlwifi: fix wrong WGDS_WIFI_DATA_SIZE

Matthew Cover (1):
      tuntap: fix multiqueue rx

Matthew Wilcox (19):
      XArray: Fix xa_for_each with a single element at 0
      XArray: Export __xa_foo to non-GPL modules
      nilfs2: Use xa_erase_irq
      XArray: Regularise xa_reserve
      XArray: Unify xa_cmpxchg and __xa_cmpxchg
      XArray: Turn xa_erase into an exported function
      XArray: Add xa_store_bh() and xa_store_irq()
      XArray: Unify xa_store and __xa_store
      XArray: Handle NULL pointers differently for allocation
      XArray: Fix Documentation
      XArray: Correct xa_store_range
      XArray tests: Correct some 64-bit assumptions
      dax: Remove optimisation from dax_lock_mapping_entry
      dax: Make sure the unlocking entry isn't locked
      dax: Reinstate RCU protection of inode
      dax: Fix dax_unlock_mapping_entry for PMD pages
      dax: Fix huge page faults
      dax: Avoid losing wakeup in dax_lock_mapping_entry
      XArray tests: Add missing locking

Mattias Jacobsson (1):
      USB: misc: appledisplay: add 20" Apple Cinema Display

Mauro Carvalho Chehab (2):
      v4l2-controls: add a missing include
      media: dm365_ipipeif: better annotate a fall though

Maxime Chevallier (1):
      net: mvneta: Don't advertise 2.5G modes

Michael Chan (5):
      bnxt_en: Fix RSS context allocation.
      bnxt_en: Fix rx_l4_csum_errors counter on 57500 devices.
      bnxt_en: Disable RDMA support on the 57500 chips.
      bnxt_en: Workaround occasional TX timeout on 57500 A0.
      bnxt_en: Add software "missed_irqs" counter.

Michal Kalderon (1):
      qed: Fix rdma_info structure allocation

Moshe Shemesh (1):
      net/mlx5e: RX, verify received packet size in Linear Striding RQ

Nathan Chancellor (2):
      media: tc358743: Remove unnecessary self assignment
      misc: atmel-ssc: Fix section annotation on atmel_ssc_get_driver_data

Nicholas Kazlauskas (2):
      drm/amdgpu: Add amdgpu "max bpc" connector property (v2)
      drm/amd/display: Support amdgpu "max bpc" connector property (v2)

Nikolay Aleksandrov (1):
      net: bridge: fix vlan stats use-after-free on destruction

Oleksij Rempel (4):
      can: rx-offload: introduce can_rx_offload_get_echo_skb() and
can_rx_offload_queue_sorted() functions
      can: flexcan: handle tx-complete CAN frames via rx-offload infrastructure
      can: rx-offload: rename can_rx_offload_irq_queue_err_skb() to
can_rx_offload_queue_tail()
      can: flexcan: use can_rx_offload_queue_sorted() for flexcan_irq_bus_*()

Olga Kornievskaia (1):
      NFSv4.2 copy do not allocate memory under the lock

Oliver Hartkopp (1):
      can: raw: check for CAN FD capable netdev in raw_sendmsg()

Olof Johansson (2):
      mtd: rawnand: qcom: Namespace prefix some commands
      RISC-V: Fix raw_copy_{to,from}_user()

Or Gerlitz (3):
      net/mlx5e: Don't match on vlan non-existence if ethertype is wildcarded
      net/mlx5e: Claim TC hw offloads support only under a proper build config
      net/mlx5e: Always use the match level enum when parsing TC rule match

Pan Bian (1):
      iommu/vt-d: Use memunmap to free memremap

Pankaj Bansal (1):
      can: flexcan: Unlock the MB unconditionally

Paolo Abeni (1):
      net: don't keep lonely packets forever in the gro hash

Patrick Stählin (1):
      RISC-V: recognize S/U mode bits in print_isa

Paul Burton (1):
      MIPS: Loongson3,SGI-IP27: Simplify max_low_pfn calculation

Paul Kocialkowski (1):
      drm/fb-helper: Blacklist writeback when adding connectors to fbdev

Petr Machata (1):
      net: skb_scrub_packet(): Scrub offload_fwd_mark

Quentin Schulz (1):
      net: phy: mscc: fix deadlock in vsc85xx_default_config

Raed Salem (1):
      net/mlx5: IPSec, Fix the SA context hash key

Rafał Miłecki (2):
      brcmutil: really fix decoding channel info for 160 MHz bandwidth
      brcmfmac: fix reporting support for 160 MHz channels

Rajat Jain (1):
      mmc: sdhci-pci: Try "cd" for card-detect lookup before using NULL

Robert Jarzmik (1):
      gpio: pxa: fix legacy non pinctrl aware builds again

Robin Murphy (2):
      dma-direct: Make DIRECT_MAPPING_ERROR viable for SWIOTLB
      swiotlb: Skip cache maintenance on map error

Rodrigo Rivas Costa (1):
      HID: steam: remove input device when a hid client is running.

Roi Dayan (1):
      net/mlx5e: Apply the correct check for supporting TC esw rules split

Sabrina Dubroca (1):
      ip_tunnel: don't force DF when MTU is locked

Sakari Ailus (5):
      media: v4l: event: Add subscription to list before calling "add" operation
      media: docs: Document metadata format in struct v4l2_format
      media: omap3isp: Unregister media device as first
      media: ipu3-cio2: Unregister device nodes first, then release resources
      media: ipu3-cio2: Use cio2_queues_exit

Sandeep Singh (1):
      xhci: Add check for invalid byte size error when UAS devices are
connected.

Sebastian Parschauer (2):
      HID: Add quirk for Microsoft PIXART OEM mouse
      HID: Add quirk for Primax PIXART OEM mice

Sergey Matyukevich (1):
      arm64: sysreg: fix sparse warnings

Shahar S Matityahu (1):
      iwlwifi: fix D3 debug data buffer memory leak

Shay Agroskin (4):
      net/mlx5e: Fix a bug in turning off FEC policy in unsupported speeds
      net/mlx5e: Fix wrong field name in FEC related functions
      net/mlx5e: Removed unnecessary warnings in FEC caps query
      net/mlx5e: Fix failing ethtool query on FEC query error

Shen Jing (1):
      Revert "usb: gadget: ffs: Fix BUG when userland exits with
submitted AIO transfers"

Siva Reddy Kallam (1):
      tg3: Add PHY reset for 5717/5719/5720 in change ring and flow
control paths

Slavomir Kaslev (1):
      socket: do a generic_file_splice_read when proto_ops has no splice_read

Srinivas Kandagatla (2):
      slimbus: ngd: remove unnecessary check
      nvmem: core: fix regression in of_nvmem_cell_get()

Stephen Mallon (1):
      tcp: Fix SOF_TIMESTAMPING_RX_HARDWARE to use the latest
timestamp during TCP coalescing

Sudarsana Reddy Kalluru (1):
      bnx2x: Assign unique DMAE channel number for FW DMAE transactions.

Sven Eckelmann (2):
      batman-adv: Use explicit tvlv padding for ELP packets
      batman-adv: Expand merged fragment buffer for full packet

Takashi Iwai (4):
      ALSA: oss: Use kvzalloc() for local buffer allocations
      ALSA: hda/realtek - Add quirk entry for HP Pavilion 15
      ALSA: hda/ca0132 - Call pci_iounmap() instead of iounmap()
      drm/amdgpu: Add missing firmware entry for HAINAN

Tal Gilboa (1):
      net/dim: Update DIM start sample after each DIM iteration

Tariq Toukan (1):
      net/mlx4_core: Fix uninitialized variable compilation warning

Thinh Nguyen (1):
      usb: dwc3: gadget: Properly check last unaligned/zero chain TRB

Thomas Falcon (2):
      ibmvnic: Fix RX queue buffer cleanup
      ibmvnic: Update driver queues after change in ring size support

Thomas Zimmermann (1):
      drm/ast: Remove existing framebuffers before loading driver

Thor Thayer (2):
      MAINTAINERS: Replace Vince Bridgers as Altera TSE maintainer
      mtd: spi-nor: Fix Cadence QSPI page fault kernel panic

Tigran Mkrtchyan (1):
      flexfiles: use per-mirror specified stateid for IO

Toke Høiland-Jørgensen (1):
      MAINTAINERS: Add entry for CAKE qdisc

Trond Myklebust (1):
      NFSv4: Fix a NFSv4 state manager deadlock

Tudor.Ambarus@microchip.com (5):
      mtd: spi-nor: don't drop sfdp data if optional parsers fail
      mtd: spi-nor: fix iteration over smpt array
      mtd: spi-nor: don't overwrite errno in spi_nor_get_map_in_use()
      mtd: spi_nor: pass DMA-able buffer to spi_nor_read_raw()
      mtd: spi-nor: fix selection of uniform erase type in flexible conf

Ursula Braun (3):
      s390/ism: clear dmbe_mask bit before SMC IRQ handling
      net/smc: atomic SMCD cursor handling
      net/smc: use after free fix in smc_wr_tx_put_slot()

Valentine Fatiev (1):
      net/mlx5e: Fix selftest for small MTUs

Vasundhara Volam (1):
      bnxt_en: Fix filling time in bnxt_fill_coredump_record()

Ville Syrjälä (3):
      drm/i915: Disable LP3 watermarks on all SNB machines
      drm/i915: Force a LUT update in intel_initial_commit()
      drm/i915: Add rotation readout for plane initial config

Vincent Chen (1):
      net: faraday: ftmac100: remove netif_running(netdev) check
before disabling interrupts

Vladimir Zapolskiy (1):
      gpio: don't free unallocated ida on gpiochip_add_data_with_key()
error path

Wei Li (1):
      scsi: ufs: Fix hynix ufs bug with quirk on hi36xx SoC

Will Deacon (2):
      Documentation/security-bugs: Postpone fix publication in exceptional cases
      arm64: cpufeature: Fix mismerge of CONFIG_ARM64_SSBD block

Willem de Bruijn (1):
      packet: copy user buffers before orphan or clone

Xin Long (6):
      l2tp: fix a sock refcnt leak in l2tp_tunnel_register
      ipv6: fix a dst leak when removing its exception
      sctp: count sk_wmem_alloc by skb truesize in sctp_packet_transmit
      sctp: not allow to set asoc prsctp_enable by sockopt
      Revert "sctp: remove sctp_transport_pmtu_check"
      sctp: not increase stream's incnt before sending addstrm_in request

Y.C. Chen (2):
      drm/ast: change resolution may cause screen blurred
      drm/ast: fixed cursor may disappear sometimes

Yangtao Li (1):
      net: amd: add missing of_node_put()

YueHaibing (2):
      can: ucan: remove set but not used variable 'udev'
      can: ucan: remove duplicated include from ucan.c

Yuval Avnery (1):
      net/mlx5e: Adjust to max number of channles when re-attaching
