
0_Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] TTY/Serial fixes for 4.20-rc1
   1  [GIT PULL] Staging/IIO driver patches for 4.20-rc1


0_Ingo_Molnar/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] drivers/perf: fix spelling mistake, EACCESS -> EACCES
   1  Re: [PATCH] scheduler: wait: Added missing include freezer.h
   1  Re: [PATCH] arch: x86: Touched up patterns of 'sizeof' functions
   1  Re: [PATCH V5 0/5] KVM: X86: Introducing ROE Protection Kernel
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 1/2] x86/efi: Unmap EFI boot services code/data
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] x86/pkeys: copy pkey state at fork()


0_kernel-hardening/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/17] prmem: hardened usercopy


0_linux-kernel/
=============
   4  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 29
   2  Re: [PATCHES/RFC] Re: A concern about overflow ring buffer mode
   2  Re: [GIT PULL] XArray for 4.20
   1  new arch-independent tracepoints on hardware entry/exit from
   1  [REQUEST FOR CODE INTEGRATION - L4.25-L5.05] Parallelization and
   1  [PATCH] regulator: bd718x7: add missing linux/of.h inclusion
   1  [PATCH v2 12/12] w1: fix typo in comment
   1  [PATCH v2 11/12] w1: replace non-standard %LX format-string by %llX
   1  [PATCH v2 10/12] w1: use pointers instead of types to determine size of allocs
   1  [PATCH v2 09/12] w1: using linux instead of asm prefix for includes
   1  [PATCH v2 08/12] w1: improve code-style of struct declarations
   1  [PATCH v2 07/12] w1: use __func__ for logging the function name
   1  [PATCH v2 06/12] w1: do not log errors about failed memory allocations
   1  [PATCH v2 05/12] w1: use octal numbers instead of macros for file mode
   1  [PATCH v2 04/12] w1: cleanup whitespaces according to coding style document
   1  [PATCH v2 00/11] w1: coding style and checkpatch fixes
   1  [PATCH tip/core/rcu 02/19] rcu: Defer reporting RCU-preempt
   1  [PATCH 1/2] perf top: Allow disabling the overwrite mode
   1  Re: x86/paravirt: Use a single ops structure
   1  Re: w1: coding style and checkpatch fixes
   1  Re: perf synthesized mmap timeouts
   1  Re: [sysadmin] Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 29
   1  Re: [RFC] rcu: doc: update example about stale data
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/7] compiler_attributes.h: add
   1  Re: [PATCH] regulator: bd718x7: add missing linux/of.h inclusion
   1  Re: [PATCH] regulator: bd718x7: Remove double indirection for
   1  Re: [PATCH 8/9] w1: fix whitespaces of struct declarations
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] x86/pkeys: copy pkey state at fork()
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] The linux devs can rescind their license grant.
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of Conduct: Fix some wording, and add an interpretation document
   1  Re: Cramfs: "unable to handle kernel paging request" when reading a
   1  Re: Cramfs: "unable to handle kernel paging request" when reading
   1  RTL8812au driver source code A little help please?
   1  RE: [PATCH tip/core/rcu 02/19] rcu: Defer reporting RCU-preempt
   1  Linux 4.19.0 Build Error when CONFIG_ACPI not set.
   1  KASAN: use-after-free Read in wake_up_if_idle


1_kernel_test_robot/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH] ARM: module: Fix function kallsyms on
   1  [LKP] [mtd] 5ae876a9c6: divide_error:#[##]
   1  [LKP] [mm]  ca7277e7ae:  pigz.throughput 1.2% improvement
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: module: Fix function kallsyms on Thumb-2


Alan_Stern/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] xhci: Add quirk to workaround the errata seen on Cavium


Anatolij_Gustschin/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] fpga: altera-cvp: Fix registration for CvP incapable devices


Andrey_Ryabinin/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] arm64: lib: use C string functions with KASAN


Andrzej_Hajda/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] drm/bridge: analogix_dp: Fix misleading indentation
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/6] dt-bindings: drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/6] drm/bridge: ti-sn65dsi86: Remove the mystery


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
   2  Re: [GIT PULL] C-SKY(csky) Port for Linux 4.20
   1  Re: [RFR] Store tearing
   1  Re: [PATCH] mtd: sa1100: avoid VLA in sa1100_setup_mtd
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: kprobe: make page to RO mode when allocate it
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 01/17] compat_ioctl: add generic_compat_ioctl_ptrarg()
   1  Re: RFC: changed error code when binding unix socket twice


Balbir_Singh/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm: thp:  relax __GFP_THISNODE for MADV_HUGEPAGE


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mtd: sa1100: avoid VLA in sa1100_setup_mtd
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] Add driver for Synopsys DesignWare I3C master IP


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 8/9] w1: fix whitespaces of struct declarations
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/9] w1: improve coding style by following strict 80


CHROME_Olof_Johansson/
=============
   2  Re: [GIT PULL] Devicetree updates for 4.20


CK_Hu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] drm/mediatek: Use drm_gem_cma_object instead of


Catalin_Marinas/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V2] kmemleak: Add config to select auto scan


Chanwoo_Choi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/8] clk: s2mps11: constify clk_ops structure


Chao_Yu/
=============
   1  Re: [BUG] Kernel BUG when mounting and then unmounting a fuzzed F2FS


Christian_Borntraeger/
=============
   1  KVM Forum 2018 BoF Meeting minutes - architecture common code


Corentin_Labbe/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] net:stmmac: dwmac-mediatek: add support for mt2712


Dan_Williams/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 4/4] mm: Defer ZONE_DEVICE page initialization to the


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: arm: Fix cpu capacity mismatch in example
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] thermal: qoriq: add multiple sensors support


David_Howells/
=============
   1  Re: linux-next: build failure after merge of the vfs tree


David_Rientjes/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm: thp:  relax __GFP_THISNODE for MADV_HUGEPAGE


David_S_Miller/
=============
   1  [PATCH] net: Properly unlink GRO packets on overflow.
   1  [GIT] Networking
   1  Re: linux-next: build failure in Linus' tree
   1  Re: [PATCH] ptp: drop redundant kasprintf() to create worker name
   1  Re: CAKE and r8169 cause panic on upload in v4.19


Dinh_Nguyen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm: dts: socfpga*.dts*: use SPDX-License-Identifier


Dominik_Brodowski/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] cpufreq: intel_pstate: Fix compilation for !CONFIG_ACPI
   1  Re: Linux 4.19.0 Build Error when CONFIG_ACPI not set.


Dominique_Martinet/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] 9p updates for 4.20


Fabio_Estevam/
=============
   1  Re: i.MX6 MIPI-CSI2 OV5640 Camera testing on Mainline Linux


Geert_Uytterhoeven/
=============
   2  Re: [GIT PULL] C-SKY(csky) Port for Linux 4.20
   1  [PATCH] regulator: bd718x7: Remove double indirection for bd718xx_pmic_inits.rdatas
   1  [PATCH] lightnvm: Fix uninitialized return value in nvm_get_chunk_meta()
   1  [PATCH] hwmon: (ibmpowernv) Remove bogus __init annotations
   1  Re: usb: dwc2: Disable all EP's on disconnect
   1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 29
   1  Build regressions/improvements in v4.19


Gerd_Hoffmann/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3] drm/bochs: add edid support.


Gilad_Ben-Yossef/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] crypto: ccree: add SM4 support
   1  [PATCH v2 2/3] dt-bindings: crypto: ccree: add ccree 713
   1  [PATCH v2 1/3] crypto: ccree: add support for CryptoCell 713
   1  [PATCH v2 0/3] crypto: ccree: add CryptoCell 713 baseline support
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] crypto: ccree: add dt bindings for ccree 713


Greg_Ungerer/
=============
   1  [git pull] m68knommu fix for v4.20


Heikki_Krogerus/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 08/10] usb: typec: Add support for usb role switch in
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/10] hikey960: Support usb functionality of Hikey960


Hyper-V-linux-driver-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] x86/hyper-v: Fix indent in hv_do_fast_hypercall16()
   1  =?GB2312?B?yfe8zLni?=


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
   1  [PATCH] tpm: clean up tpm_try_transmit() error handling flow
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] tpm: fix kdoc for tpm2_flush_context_cmd()


Jason_Wang/
=============
   1  Re: Can VFIO pin only a specific region of guest mem when use pass


Jassi_Brar/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] Mailbox changes for v4.20


Jeff_Layton/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9 v3] locks: avoid thundering-herd wake-ups


Jens_Axboe/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V5] block: fix the DISCARD request merge


Jerome_Brunet/
=============
   1  [PATCH 4/4] pinctrl: meson: fix meson8b ao pull register bits
   1  [PATCH 3/4] pinctrl: meson: fix meson8 ao pull register bits
   1  [PATCH 2/4] pinctrl: meson: fix gxl ao pull register bits
   1  [PATCH 1/4] pinctrl: meson: fix gxbb ao pull register bits
   1  [PATCH 0/4] pinctrl: meson: fix pull bits
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver


Jessica_Yu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64/module: use mod->klp_info section header


Jiri_Kosina/
=============
   1  [PATCH] HID: moving to group maintainership model
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] HID: moving to group maintainership model
   1  Re: Logitech high-resolution scrolling..


Johan_Hovold/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/5] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver


Johannes_Thumshirn/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mcb: fix a missing-check bug


John_Garry/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] arm64/numa: Add more vetting in numa_set_distance()


Jon_Hunter/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V3] arm64: Don't flush tlb while clearing the accessed bit


Jonathan_Cameron/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Add IIO_CHAN_INFO_SCALE to
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Make probe handle spi_setup
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Make read_raw return
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] staging: iio: ad7780: update voltage on read
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Add scale info and improve
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] iio: pressure: Add support for Honeywell HSC SPI
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: iio: pressure: Add support for


Josh_Poimboeuf/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/3] arm64: reliable stacktraces


Juergen_Gross/
=============
   1  [PATCH] x86/paravirt: pv_ops isn't GPL only
   1  Re: x86/paravirt: Use a single ops structure
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 12/18] xen: setup Xen specific data for


Julia_Lawall/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/8] ARM: vexpress/spc: constify clk_ops structure


KDUMP_Baoquan_He/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo


Kees_Cook/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] VLA removal for v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [PATCH] ptp: drop redundant kasprintf() to create worker name
   1  Re: [PATCH] mtd: sa1100: avoid VLA in sa1100_setup_mtd
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] pstore: Avoid duplicate call of persistent_ram_zap()


Krzysztof_Kozlowski/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/8] clk: max77686: constify clk_ops structure


LKMM_Andrea_Parri/
=============
   2  Re: [RFR] Store tearing
   1  [RFR] Store tearing


Lee_Jones/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
   2  Re: w1: coding style and checkpatch fixes
   2  Re: [git pull] drm pull for 4.20-rc1
   2  Re: [GIT PULL] XArray for 4.20
   2  Re: Logitech high-resolution scrolling..
   1  Re: linux-next: build failure in Linus' tree
   1  Re: drivers by default (was Re: Another HID problem this merge window..)
   1  Re: [GIT] Networking
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] kselftest update for Linux 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] VLA removal for v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Kbuild updates for v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] C-SKY(csky) Port for Linux 4.20
   1  Logitech high-resolution scrolling..


Liviu_Dudau/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/8] ARM: vexpress/spc: constify clk_ops structure


Ludovic_Desroches/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH 1/2] i2c: enable buses to save their clock
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] pinctrl: pinctrl-at91-pio4: simplify getting


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 4/4] mm: Defer ZONE_DEVICE page initialization to the
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] mm/page_owner: use kvmalloc instead of kmalloc
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm: thp:  relax __GFP_THISNODE for MADV_HUGEPAGE
   1  Re: memcg oops:


Marcelo_Ricardo_Leitner/
=============
   1  Re: KASAN: slab-out-of-bounds Read in sctp_getsockopt


Mark_Brown/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] regulator: bd718x7: add missing linux/of.h inclusion
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic


Mark_Rutland/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm: mm: fault: check ADFSR in case of abort
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/3] arm64: reliable stacktraces
   1  Re: [PATCH V2] arm64: Don't flush tlb while clearing the accessed bit


Mark_Salter/
=============
   1  Re: linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commit in the c6x tree


Masahiro_Yamada/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] kconfig: remove silentoldconfig target
   1  [PATCH 1/2] kconfig: remove oldnoconfig target
   1  [GIT PULL] Kbuild updates for v4.20
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/5] modpost: Changes parameter name to avoid shadowing.
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/4] kernel hacking: new config CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_DEBUGGING
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/4] ARM: mm: fix build error in fix_to_virt with CONFIG_CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_DEBUGGING
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/5] kbuild: Removes unnecessary shadowed local variable.
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/4] kernel hacking: new config NO_AUTO_INLINE to
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] x86/vdso: Renames variable to fix shadow warning.
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/4] x86/mm: declare check_la57_support() as inline
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] kernel hacking: new config CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_DEBUGGING
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/5] Creates macro to avoid variable shadowing
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS


Matias_Bjorling/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] lightnvm: pblk: fix chunk close trace event check
   1  Re: [PATCH] lightnvm: Fix uninitialized return value in


Maxime_Ripard_/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH] dts: sun8i-h3: Add DTS for Mapleboard
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 18/25] drm/panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16 ICN6211
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 16/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add support for
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 15/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Set proper vblk
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 14/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Increase hfp packet
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 12/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add DSI hblk packet
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 06/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add DSI Generic
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 00/25] drm/sun4i: Allwinner A64 MIPI-DSI support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64: defconfig: Enable MFD_AXP20X_I2C
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 14/15] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: Add DSI pipeline
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 13/15] dt-bindings: sun6i-dsi: Add compatible for A64
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 12/15] clk: sunxi-ng: a64: Add min and max rate for
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 02/15] clk: sunxi-ng: Add check for minimal rate to


Miquel_Raynal/
=============
   2  Re: [LINUX PATCH v11 0/3] Add support for Arasan NAND Flash
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add support for Amlogic
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] mtd: rawnand: stm32_fmc2: add STM32 FMC2 NAND flash
   1  Re: [LINUX PATCH v11 0/3] Add support for Arasan NAND Flash controller


Miroslav_Benes/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64/module: use mod->klp_info section header


Moritz_Fischer/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] fpga: altera_cvp: restrict registration to CvP enabled


Oleg_Nesterov/
=============
   1  yama: unsafe usage of ptrace_relation->tracer
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in task_is_descendant


P1_devicetree/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 0/4] drivers: soc: xilinx: Add support for ZynqMP =
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/4] drivers: soc: xilinx: Add support for ZynqMP =
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 09/10] irqchip: ti-sci-inta: Add support for Interrupt
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Devicetree updates for 4.20
   1  RE: [PATCH v3 0/4] drivers: soc: xilinx: Add support for ZynqMP power


P1_kvm/
=============
   1  after switching host from 4.14 to 4.19 linux guests are crashing
   1  after switching host from 4.14 to 4.19 linux guests are =
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] kvm, vmx: fix __invvpid style
   1  [PATCH v2 2/3] kvm, vmx: move register clearing out of assembly path
   1  [PATCH v2 1/3] kvm, vmx: move CR2 context switch out of assembly path
   1  Re: after switching host from 4.14 to 4.19 linux guests are crashing
   1  Re: [kvm PATCH v4 0/2] use vmalloc to allocate vmx vcpus
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] migration: introduce lockless multithreads model
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] kvm, vmx: move register clearing out of assembly path
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/10] x86: PTE D Bit based dirty logging
   1  Can VFIO pin only a specific region of guest mem when use pass


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   1  [SPAM] memcg oops:
   1  [LKP] [mm/vmalloc] 8dab1f5c1e: BUG:soft_lockup-CPU##stuck_for#s


P1_netdev/
=============
   3  Re: WARNING in __debug_object_init (3)
   1  [PATCH] hinic: Fix l4_type parameter in hinic_task_set_tunnel_l4
   1  [LKP] 499ac3b60f [ 2.479301] WARNING: CPU: 0 PID: 1 at
   1  Re: bnx2: rx_fw_discards: BCM5716 sporadically drops packets when


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] drivers/perf: fix spelling mistake, EACCESS -> EACCES
   1  [PATCHES/RFC] Re: A concern about overflow ring buffer mode
   1  [PATCH 2/2] perf top: Do not use overwrite mode by default
   1  [PATCH 1/2] perf top: Allow disabling the overwrite mode
   1  Re: [PATCHES/RFC] Re: A concern about overflow ring buffer mode
   1  Re: UI messages in event thread hangs perf top


Paul_Durrant/
=============
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] iommu / p2m: add a page_order parameter to


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
   2  Re: [RFR] Store tearing
   2  Re: [RFC] rcu: doc: update example about stale data
   1  [PATCH tip/core/rcu 02/19] rcu: Defer reporting RCU-preempt
   1  Re: [PATCH tip/core/rcu 02/19] rcu: Defer reporting RCU-preempt


Peter_Korsgaard/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] i2c:ocores: add polling interface


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 1/2] x86/efi: Unmap EFI boot services code/data
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation


Richard_Fitzgerald/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 2/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic


Richard_Weinberger/
=============
   1  [PATCH] ubifs: Handle re-linking of inodes correctly while recovery


Rob_Herring/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH linux-next v1 2/4] clk: renesas: Add binding document for


Roger_Pau_Monné/
=============
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 12/18] xen: setup Xen specific data for
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 09/17] x86/amd: put setting
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] Interrupt injection with ISR set on Intel hardware


Russell_King/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm: mm: fault: check ADFSR in case of abort
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/8] add generic builtin command line


Sebastian_Reichel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/9] w1: use octal numbers instead of macros for file mode


Shawn_Guo/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] PCI: histb: constify dw_pcie_host_ops structure


Shuah_Khan/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/2] tracing: Fix synthetic event parser


Stanimir_Varbanov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add SCM DT node
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] media: docs-rst: Document memory-to-memory video


Stefan_Wahren/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC 18/18] staging: vchiq: add more tasks to the TODO
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC 16/18] staging: vchiq_arm: rework probe and init
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC 15/18] stagning: vchiq_core: fix logic redundancy in
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC 11/18] staging: vchiq_arm: use completions instead
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC 09/18] staging: vchiq_core: do not initialize


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/2] tracing: Fix synthetic event parser
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/4] x86/mm: declare check_la57_support() as inline


Thierry_Reding/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 4/9] mailbox: tegra-hsp: Add support for shared mailboxes
   1  Re: [PATCH] mfd: tps6586x: Handle interrupts on suspend
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] serial: Add Tegra Combined UART driver


Tony_Lindgren/
=============
   1  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the arm-soc tree with Linus' tree


Ulf_Hansson/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4 v5] memstick: Prevent memstick host from getting


VFS_Alexander_Viro/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 01/17] compat_ioctl: add generic_compat_ioctl_ptrarg()


Viresh_Kumar/
=============
   1  [PATCH] Documentation: cpu-freq: Frequencies aren't always sorted
   1  [PATCH V2] dt-bindings: arm: Explain capacities-dmips-mhz calculations in example
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 01/17] OPP: Allow to request stub voltage
   1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: arm: Fix cpu capacity mismatch in example


Wei_Liu/
=============
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/domain: Fix build with GCC 4.3.x


Will_Deacon/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] arm64/numa: Add more vetting in numa_set_distance()
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64/module: use mod->klp_info section header
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] arm64: lib: use C string functions with KASAN
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] linkage.h: Align weak symbols.
   1  Re: [PATCH V3] arm64: Don't flush tlb while clearing the accessed bit
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/8] add generic builtin command line


Wolfram_Sang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] i2c-omap: Enable i2c-omap driver for AM654 SoCs
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] i2c: uniphier-f: fix race condition when IRQ is
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] i2c:ocores: do not handle IRQ if IF is not set
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] i2c: uniphier-f: fix occasional timeout error
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] i2c: Clear client->irq in i2c_device_remove
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] i2c: uniphier-f: make driver robust against
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] i2c: Remove unnecessary call to irq_find_mapping
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] Add driver for Synopsys DesignWare I3C master IP


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo


alsa-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] ASoC: AMD: Fix race condition between register access
   1  [PATCH 2/2] ASoC: pcm3060: Rename output widgets
   1  [PATCH 1/2] ASoC: pcm3060: Add control for differential output


dmaengine/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/7] dmaengine: fsl-qdma: Add qDMA controller driver for Layerscape SoCs
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/7] dmaengine: fsl-qdma: Add qDMA controller driver f=
   1  RE: [PATCH 3/7] dmaengine: fsl-qdma: Add qDMA controller driver for


dri-devel/
=============
   1  [git pull] drm pull for 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [linux-sunxi] Re: [PATCH v2 02/15] clk: sunxi-ng: Add check for
   1  Re: [PATCH] gpu: drm/lease: fix spelling mistake, EACCESS -> EACCES
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 16/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add support for
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 14/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Increase hfp packet overhead
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 12/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add DSI hblk packet overhead
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 00/25] drm/sun4i: Allwinner A64 MIPI-DSI support
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] drm/mediatek: Use drm_gem_cma_object instead of
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] Analogix ANX6345 RGB-(e)DP bridge support
   1  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in drm_gem_object_release
   1  Fwd: [git pull] drm pull for 4.20-rc1


embeddedor_com/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] RDMA/hns: Use 64-bit arithmetic instead of 32-bit


ibm-acpi-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] platform/x86: thinkpad_acpi: Change the keymap for Favor=
   1  Re: [PATCH] platform/x86: thinkpad_acpi: Change the keymap for


kernel-janitors/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] drivers/perf: fix spelling mistake, EACCESS -> EACCES


kexec/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86_64, vmcoreinfo: Append 'page_offset_base' to vmcoreinfo


kvm-arm/
=============
   2  [PATCH v7 2/6] soc/fsl/guts: Add definition for LX2160A
   1  [PATCH] arm: mm: fault: check ADFSR in case of abort
   1  [PATCH] ARM: module: Fix function kallsyms on Thumb-2
   1  [PATCH v7 6/6] arm64: dts: add LX2160ARDB board support
   1  [PATCH v7 5/6] arm64: dts: add QorIQ LX2160A SoC support
   1  [PATCH v7 4/6] clk: qoriq: Add clockgen support for lx2160a
   1  [PATCH v7 3/6] clk: qoriq: increase array size of cmux_to_group
   1  [PATCH v7 1/6] dt-bindings: arm64: add compatible for LX2160A
   1  [PATCH v7 0/6] arm64: dts: NXP: add basic dts file for LX2160A SoC
   1  [PATCH v5 8/8] EDAC: armada_xp: Add support for more SoCs
   1  [PATCH v5 7/8] EDAC: Add driver for the Marvell Armada XP SDRAM and L2 cache ECC
   1  [PATCH v5 6/8] EDAC: Add missing debugfs_create_x32 wrapper
   1  [PATCH v5 5/8] ARM: l2x0: add marvell,ecc-enable property for aurora
   1  [PATCH v5 4/8] ARM: l2x0: support parity-enable/disable on aurora
   1  [PATCH v5 3/8] ARM: aurora-l2: add defines for parity and ECC registers
   1  [PATCH v5 2/8] ARM: aurora-l2: add prefix to MAX_RANGE_SIZE
   1  [PATCH v5 1/8] ARM: l2c: move cache-aurora-l2.h to asm/hardware
   1  [PATCH v5 0/8] EDAC drivers for Armada XP L2 and DDR
   1  [LKP] [mm] 68c37ccedc: BUG:kernel_hang_in_early-boot_stage,
   1  [LKP] [mm] 68c37ccedc:
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm: mm: fault: check ADFSR in case of abort
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/4] kernel hacking: new config
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] kernel hacking: new config
   1  RE: [PATCH] arm: mm: fault: check ADFSR in case of abort
   1  RE: [PATCH v7 2/6] soc/fsl/guts: Add definition for LX2160A
   1  RE: [PATCH v6 5/6] arm64: dts: add QorIQ LX2160A SoC support


linux-acpi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: sdhci-pci: Try "cd" for card-detect lookup before


linux-amlogic/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add support for Amlogic NAND


linux-api/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max


linux-arch/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 0/4] m68k: system call table generation support


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64/numa: Add more vetting in numa_set_distance()


linux-arm-msm/
=============
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Qualcomm ARM64 DT updates for 4.20


linux-audit/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] riscv: audit: add audit hook in do_syscall_trace_enter/exit()
   1  [PATCH 1/2] riscv: add audit support
   1  [PATCH 0/2] riscv: add audit support


linux-block/
=============
   2  [PATCH V3 4/4] blk-mq: ensure hctx to be ran on mapped cpu when issue directly
   2  [PATCH V3 3/4] blk-mq: issue directly with bypass_insert 'false' in blk_mq_sched_insert_requests
   2  [PATCH V3 2/4] blk-mq: insert request without involving any io scheduler
   2  [PATCH V3 1/4] blk-mq: refactor the code of issue request directly
   2  Re: [PATCH V2 1/3] blk-mq: refactor the code of issue request
   1  [PATCH] Add cmd_flags to print_req_error
   1  [PATCH V3 0/4] blk-mq: refactor and fix on issue request directly
   1  [PATCH RESENT V3 0/4] blk-mq: refactor and fix on issue request directly
   1  Re: [PATCH] lightnvm: pblk: fix chunk close trace event check
   1  Re: [PATCH V5] block: fix the DISCARD request merge
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 1/4] blk-mq: refactor the code of issue request


linux-clk/
=============
   1  [PATCH] clk: boston: fix possible memory leak in clk_boston_setup()
   1  [PATCH v2] clk: boston: fix possible memory leak in clk_boston_setup()
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: boston: fix possible memory leak in


linux-crypto/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/3] crypto: qce: ice: Add support for Inline Crypto
   1  Re: [PATCH] crypto: caam/qi - simplify CGR allocation, freeing
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: Add ICE device specific parameters


linux-doc/
=============
   1  [PATCH] doc-guide:kernel-doc.rst: Reference to foobar


linux-edac/
=============
   1  MCE reports errors that can't be verified


linux-efi/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] efi/fdt: Simplify get_fdt flow
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] efi/fdt: Indentation fix
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] efi/fdt: get_fdt cleanups
   1  Re: [PATCH] efi/fdt: Indentation fix
   1  RE: [PATCH V2 1/2] x86/efi: Unmap EFI boot services code/data


linux-ext4/
=============
   1  [PATCH 7/7] ext4 resize: lost resize_inode cleanup before retry in
   1  [PATCH 6/7] ext4 resize: lost rollback in ext4_resize_fs()
   1  [PATCH 5/7] ext4 resize: lost brelse() in update_backups()
   1  [PATCH 4/7] ext4 resize: brelse() cleanup in add_new_gdb_meta_bg()
   1  [PATCH 3/7] ext4 resize: missing brelse() in case success in
   1  [PATCH 2/7] ext4 resize: missing brelse() after errors in
   1  [PATCH 1/7] ext4 resise: extra brelse in
   1  [PATCH 0/7] ext4 resize long-lived errors


linux-fsdevel/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 0/9 v3] locks: avoid thundering-herd
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9 v3] locks: avoid thundering-herd wake-ups


linux-gpio/
=============
   1  [PATCH 3/3] MAINTAINERS: Add myself as the dw-i3c-master module maintainer
   1  [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: i3c: Document Synopsys DesignWare I3C master bindings
   1  [PATCH 1/3] i3c: master: Add driver for Synopsys DesignWare IP
   1  [PATCH 0/3] Add driver for Synopsys DesignWare I3C master IP
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] i3c: master: Add driver for Synopsys DesignWare IP


linux-i2c/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/3] i2c:ocores: add polling interface
   1  [PATCH V2 5/5] i2c:ocores: checkpatch fixes
   1  [PATCH V2 3/5] i2c:ocores: add polling interface
   1  [PATCH V2 2/5] i2c:ocores: do not handle IRQ if IF is not set
   1  [PATCH V2 1/5] i2c:ocores: stop transfer on timeout
   1  [PATCH V2 0/5] i2c:ocores: improvements
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] i2c:ocores: do not handle IRQ if IF is not set
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] i2c: Clear client->irq in i2c_device_remove
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] i2c: Remove unnecessary call to irq_find_mapping


linux-ide/
=============
   1  [PATCH] Malformatted switch statment


linux-iio/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 3/3] arm64: zynqmp: DT: Add Xilinx AMS node
   1  [PATCH v3 2/3] iio: adc: Add Xilinx AMS driver
   1  [PATCH v3 1/3] dt-bindings: iio: adc: Add Xilinx AMS binding documentation
   1  [PATCH v3 0/3] Add Xilinx AMS Driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 3/3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Add device tree support.
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 04/11] dt-bindings: iio: adc: add AXP803 ADC bindings
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] staging: iio: ad7780: update voltage on read


linux-input/
=============
   1  [PATCH] HID: moving to group maintainership model
   1  Re: [regression, bisected] Keyboard not responding after resuming
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] HID: moving to group maintainership model
   1  Re: Oops in current tree in i2c
   1  Re: Another HID problem this merge window..


linux-kselftest/
=============
   1  [PATCH] kselftests/bpf: use ping6 as the default ipv6 ping binary if it exists


linux-leds/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 7/7] arm64: dts: qcom: apq8016-sbc: Standardize LED labels
   1  [PATCH v3 6/7] arm64: dts: xilinx: ultra96: Standardize LED labels and triggers
   1  [PATCH v3 5/7] arm64: dts: hisilicon: poplar: Standardize LED labels and triggers
   1  [PATCH v3 4/7] arm64: dts: hisilicon: hikey960: Standardize LED labels and triggers
   1  [PATCH v3 3/7] arm64: dts: hisilicon: hikey: Standardize LED labels and triggers
   1  [PATCH v3 2/7] arm64: dts: rockchip: rock960: Add on-board LED support
   1  [PATCH v3 1/7] arm64: dts: rockchip: ficus: Add on-board LED support
   1  [PATCH v3 0/7] Standardize onboard LED support for 96Boards
   1  [PATCH v2 7/7] arm64: dts: qcom: apq8016-sbc: Standardize LED labels
   1  [PATCH v2 6/7] arm64: dts: xilinx: ultra96: Standardize LED labels and triggers
   1  [PATCH v2 5/7] arm64: dts: hisilicon: poplar: Standardize LED labels and triggers
   1  [PATCH v2 4/7] arm64: dts: hisilicon: hikey960: Standardize LED labels and triggers
   1  [PATCH v2 3/7] arm64: dts: hisilicon: hikey: Standardize LED labels and triggers
   1  [PATCH v2 2/7] arm64: dts: rockchip: rock960: Add on-board LED support
   1  [PATCH v2 1/7] arm64: dts: rockchip: ficus: Add on-board LED support
   1  [PATCH v2 0/7] Standardize onboard LED support for 96Boards


linux-media/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] media: docs-rst: Document memory-to-memory video
   1  Re: i.MX6 MIPI-CSI2 OV5640 Camera testing on Mainline Linux
   1  KASAN: use-after-free Read in __vb2_perform_fileio
   1  KASAN: null-ptr-deref Write in kthread_stop
   1  INFO: task hung in vivid_stop_generating_vid_cap


linux-mediatek/
=============
   1  [v2, PATCH 0/2] add Ethernet driver support for mt2712
   1  [PATCHv2] mm/page_owner: use kvmalloc instead of kmalloc
   1  [PATCH v3] mm/page_owner: use kvmalloc instead of kmalloc
   1  [PATCH 2/2] dt-binding: mediatek-dwmac: add binding document for MediaTek MT2712 DWMAC
   1  [PATCH 1/2] net:stmmac: dwmac-mediatek: add support for mt2712
   1  Re: [v2, PATCH 0/2] add Ethernet driver support for mt2712
   1  Re: [PATCHv2] mm/page_owner: use kvmalloc instead of kmalloc


linux-mtd/
=============
   1  RE: [LINUX PATCH v11 0/3] Add support for Arasan NAND Flash


linux-next/
=============
   3  Re: linux-next: build failure after merge of the vfs tree
   2  linux-next: manual merge of the arm-soc tree with Linus' tree
   2  linux-next: build failure in Linus' tree
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the vfs tree with the nfsd tree
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the vfs tree with the ceph tree
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the pm tree with the i2c tree
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the pm tree with Linus' tree
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the drivers-x86 tree with Linus' tree
   1  linux-next: Tree for Oct 29
   1  [PATCH] drivers: net: include linux/ip.h for iphdr
   1  [PATCH] disable building the VFS sample programs
   1  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the drivers-x86 tree with Linus' tree
   1  Re: linux-next: build failure in Linus' tree


linux-nvdimm/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 4/4] mm: Defer ZONE_DEVICE page initialization to the


linux-nvme/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 11/14] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)


linux-pci/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH 3/6] PCI: layerscape: Add the EP mode support


linux-perf-users/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] perf util: take pgoff into account when reporting elf to
   1  [PATCH] perf util: take pgoff into account when reporting elf to
   1  Re: [PATCH 11/11] perf tools: Stop fallbacking to kallsyms for vdso


linux-pm/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] thermal: qoriq: add multiple sensors support
   1  Re: [PATCH] thermal: add ratelimited thermal and power logging


linux-pwm/
=============
   2  =?utf-8?B?UmU6IFtSQ0bCoFBBVENILHYyLDIvMl0gcHdtOiBpbXg6IENvbmZpZ3VyZSBv?=
   1  =?utf-8?B?UmU6IFtSQ0bCoFBBVENIIHYyIDIvMl0gcHdtOiBpbXg6IENvbmZpZ3VyZSBv?=
   1  =?utf-8?B?UmU6IFtSQ0bCoFBBVENIIHYyIDEvMl0gZHQtYmluZGluZ3M6IHB3bTogaW14?=


linux-riscv/
=============
   1  [PATCH] riscv: fix trace_sys_exit hook


linux-rt-users/
=============
   1  [ANNOUNCE] v4.18.16-rt9


linux-sctp/
=============
   1  Re: KASAN: slab-out-of-bounds Read in sctp_getsockopt


linux-serial/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 4/9] mailbox: tegra-hsp: Add support for shared mailboxes
   1  Re: [PATCH] pch_uart: remove set but not used variable 'tx_empty'
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] serial: Add Tegra Combined UART driver


linux-soc/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add SCM DT node


linux-spi/
=============
   1  [PATCH RESEND] spi: spi-fsl-dspi: use IRQF_SHARED mode to request IRQ
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/11] DT: marvell,mmp2: Add SSP1 and SSP3


linux-tegra/
=============
   1  [PATCH V3] arm64: Don't flush tlb while clearing the accessed bit
   1  [PATCH V2] arm64: Don't flush tlb while clearing the accessed bit
   1  Re: [PATCH V3] arm64: Don't flush tlb while clearing the accessed bit
   1  Re: [PATCH V3] arm64: Don't flush tlb while clearing the accessed =


linux-tip-commits/
=============
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86: Clean up 'sizeof x' => 'sizeof(x)'
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/traps: Use format string with panic() call
   1  [tip:sched/urgent] sched/rt: Update comment in pick_next_task_rt()
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf/headers: Fix spelling mistake in


linux-usb/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] xhci: Add quirk to workaround the errata seen on Cavium
   1  Re: [PATCH 08/10] usb: typec: Add support for usb role switch in
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/10] dt-bindings: misc: Add bindings for HiSilicon usb


linux-wireless/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 3/5] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver
   1  [LKP] [cfg80211]  d3e95c31e6: hwsim.wnm_bss_tm_nei_11a.fail


linux-xfs/
=============
   3  Re: XFS: Hang and dmesg flood on mounting invalid FS image
   1  XFS: Hang and dmesg flood on mounting invalid FS image


osuosl-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH V2] binder: ipc namespace support for android binder
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] staging: vc04_services: Some dead code removal
   1  Re: Which SPDX Identifier for files without explicit GPL version
   1  RE: [PATCH] binder: ipc namespace support for android binder


platform-driver-x86/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH V3 3/5] misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V4 4/5] misc/pvpanic: add support to get
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V3 2/5] misc/pvpanic : convert to SPDX license
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V3 1/5] pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as
   1  [PATCH V3 3/5]  misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support
   1  [PATCH 5/5]  dt-bindings/misc/pvpanic :add document for pvpanic-mmio
   1  Re: [PATCH] platform/x86: wmi: declare device_type structure as constant
   1  Re: [PATCH] platform/x86: touchscreen_dmi: Add min-x and min-y
   1  Re: [PATCH] platform/x86: ideapad: Add Y530-15ICH to no_hw_rfkill
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] platform/x86: Add Intel AtomISP2 dummy /
   1  Re: [PATCH V4 4/5] misc/pvpanic: add support to get pvpanic device
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 1/5] pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as common driver
   1  Re: Re: [PATCH V3 1/5] pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as common driver


qemu-devel/
=============
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PULL 00/20] Trivial patches patches


virtualization/
=============
   1  Re: [Outreachy kernel] [PATCH 0/6] drm/qxl: Remove checkpatch issues


xen-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 09/16] x86: don't setup PV hypercall
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v1] x86/hvm: Clean up the rest of bool_t
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 129111: regressions - FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 129104: regressions - FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 129074: regressions - trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [qemu-mainline baseline-only test] 75530: trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 129121: regressions - FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75532: trouble: blocked/broken
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75528: trouble: blocked/broken
   1  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus bisection] complete test-amd64-amd64-xl-xsm
   1  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus bisection] complete
   1  [Xen-devel] [freebsd-master test] 129128: regressions - trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [distros-debian-sid test] 75534: trouble: blocked/broken
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/domain: Fix build with GCC 4.3.x
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/hvm: Clean up the rest of bool_t from
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v1] x86/hvm: Clean up the rest of bool_t from
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH V3 3/3] x86/altp2m: fix display frozen when
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH V3 2/3] x86/mm: allocate logdirty_ranges for
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH V3 1/3] x86/altp2m: propagate ept.ad changes to
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH V3 0/3] Fix VGA logdirty related display freezes
   1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 2/5] x86/domain: Initialise
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86: Consolidate the storage of
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/domain: Fix build with GCC 4.3.x
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] iommu / p2m: add a page_order parameter to
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 05/25] xen/arm: check for multiboot nodes
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 03/15] libxl_qmp: Implement fd callback
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 01/12] x86: infrastructure to allow
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 7/7] amd/pvh: enable ACPI C1E disable
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 5/5] x86: Reorganise and rename debug
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 16/16] x86: update help string for
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 14/16] x86: make entry point code build
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 13/16] x86: rearrange x86_64/entry.S
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 07/16] x86: put XEN_DOMCTL_{set,
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 06/16] x86/amd: call post outb hook for
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V3 2/2] Xen/PCIback: Implement PCI
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V3 1/3] x86/altp2m: propagate ept.ad changes
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH RESEND qemu-xen-traditional] xen/pt: allow
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 5/5] RFC: test/depriv: Add a tool to check
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/4] xen/arm: gic: Ensure we have an ISB
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/4] x86/vvmx: Unconditionally initialise
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] Xen optimization
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] Ping: Re: Flask default policy mismatch vs dummy


