
0_Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
   1  Re: USB-C device hotplug issue
   1  Re: The linux devs can rescind their license grant.


0_Ingo_Molnar/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: Add x86 early-quirks.c file pattern to PCI


0_kernel-hardening/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 08/17] prmem: struct page: track vmap_area
   1  Re: [PATCH 14/17] prmem: llist, hlist, both plain and rcu
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/17] prmem: shorthands for write rare on common types
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/17] prmem: vmalloc support for dynamic allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH 02/17] prmem: write rare for static allocation


0_linux-kernel/
=============
   7  Re: [PATCH 1/2] perf: Add munmap callback
   7  Re: [PATCH 00/10] steal tasks to improve CPU utilization
   3  Re: [PATCH v4 2/2] sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
   3  Re: [LKP] [lkp-robot] [sched/fair] d519329f72: unixbench.score -9.9%
   3  Re: [LKP] [lkp-robot] [sched/fair] d519329f72: unixbench.score
   3  RE: [regression in -rc1] Re: [PATCH v6 2/8] x86/fsgsbase/64:
   2  Re: [PATCH] V4 init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from kernel
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 2/5] phy: qcom-qmp: Utilize fully-specified DT
   2  Re: [PATCH v14 0/3]: perf: reduce data loss when profiling highly
   2  Re: [PATCH 08/10] sched/fair: Steal work from an overloaded CPU when
   2  Re: [PATCH 05/10] sched/fair: Hoist idle_stamp up from idle_balance
   1  i2c_hid module bug
   1  [RFC PATCH v3] ftrace: support very early function tracing
   1  [PATCH] V6 init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from kernel  line To: loberman@redhat.com
   1  [PATCH] V4 init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from kernel line
   1  [PATCH] V3 init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from kernel line 
   1  [PATCH v4 2/5] phy: qcom-qmp: Utilize fully-specified DT registers
   1  [GIT PULL] sound updates for 4.20
   1  The linux devs can rescind their license grant.
   1  Re: [v3 03/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Add intrinsics/macros for FSGSBASE
   1  Re: [PATCH] V3 init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from kernel
   1  Re: [PATCH] V3 init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from
   1  Re: [PATCH] V2 init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from kernel
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/5] phy: qcom-qmp: Utilize fully-specified DT registers
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] x86/hyperv: make HvNotifyLongSpinWait hypercall
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC 1/1] drivers: pinctrl: qcom: add wakeup capability to
   1  Re: Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of Conduct: Fix some wording, and add an interpretation document
   1  RE: [v3 05/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Preserve FS/GS state in
   1  RE: [PATCH v1 2/2] x86/hyperv: make HvNotifyLongSpinWait hypercall
   1  Linux kernel crash


1_BRUCE_PERENS/
=============
   1  Bruce Perens, inconsistent statements regarding Copyright, GPL, Open


ARM_SPREADTRUM_Baolin_Wang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/6] dt-bindings: power: Introduce one property to
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] rtc: sc27xx: Always read normal alarm when


Alan_Stern/
=============
   1  [PATCH] usb: core: do not clear USB_PORT_FEAT_C_CONNECTION on warm
   1  Re: USB-C device hotplug issue


Alan_Tull/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes


Alexandre_Belloni/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] rtc: sc27xx: Always read normal alarm when
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/5] Fix some issues for RTC alarm function


Andrew_Lunn/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] perf tests: Add a test for the ARM 32-bit [vectors]


Andrew_Morton/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm: don't reclaim inodes with many attached pages
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/2] improve vmalloc allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH] pfn_t: force '~' to be parsed as an unary operator
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm,oom: Use timeout based back off.
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/6] mm/hmm: fix race between hmm_mirror_unregister()
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm, thp: consolidate THP gfp handling into


Andy_Shevchenko/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] leds: upboard: Add LED support
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 0/4] Support HMS Profinet Card over Anybus


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 6/9] i3c: master: Add driver for Cadence IP
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 01/21] csky: Build infrastructure


Bart_Van_Assche/
=============
   1  [PATCH 3/3] kernel/workqueue: Suppress a false positive lockdep complaint
   1  [PATCH 2/3] kernel/workqueue: Surround work execution with shared lock annotations
   1  [PATCH 1/3] kernel/workqueue: Remove lockdep annotation from __flush_work()
   1  [PATCH 0/3] Suppress false positives triggered by workqueue lockdep annotations
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kernel/workqueue: Suppress a false positive lockdep
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] Suppress false positives triggered by workqueue


Benjamin_Gaignard/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/8] mfd: stpmic1: add stpmic1 driver


Bob_Peterson/
=============
   1  Re: GFS2: Pull request (merge window)


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v9 6/9] i3c: master: Add driver for Cadence IP
   2  Re: [PATCH] mtd: rawnand: Add all 1.8V AC chips have a broken


Boris_Ostrovsky/
=============
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen: drop writing error messages to xenstore
   1  Re: [PATCH] xen/pvh: don't try to unplug emulated devices
   1  Re: [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only when pages are


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
   8  Re: [PATCH] Change judgment len position
   2  Re: [LKP] [PATCH] Change judgment len position
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: axis-fifo: Fix line over 80 characters error
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: aic7xxx: Fix unintended sign extension issue


Chao_Yu/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] f2fs: export migration_granularity sysfs entry
   1  Re: [PATCH] f2fs: change segment to section in f2fs_ioc_gc_range
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] f2fs: only flush the single temp bio cache which owns
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] f2fs: export migration_granularity sysfs entry


Charles_Keepax/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH v2 2/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic


Chen-Yu_Tsai/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 15/15] arm64: dts: allwinner: bananapi-m64: Bananapi
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 10/15] dt-bindings: panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/12] dt-bindings: panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16


Christian_Koenig/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm: fix call_kern.cocci warnings (fwd)


Dan_Williams/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] libnvdimm for 4.20


Daniel_Borkmann/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC v3 0/3] Rlimit for module space


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: arm: Fix cpu capacity mismatch in example


David_ChunMing_Zhou/
=============
   1  [PATCH] drm: fix call_kern.cocci warnings (fwd)
   1  [PATCH] drm: fix call_kern.cocci warnings
   1  RE: [PATCH] drm: fix call_kern.cocci warnings (fwd)


David_Lechner/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 2/4] dt-bindings: anybus-bridge: document


David_S_Miller/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] Change judgment len position
   1  Re: perf overlapping maps...
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] net: hns3: Fix for warning uninitialized
   1  Re: [LKP] [PATCH] Change judgment len position


Dinh_Nguyen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: debug: enable UART1 for socfpga Cyclone5


Dmitry_Osipenko/
=============
   1  [PATCH v1] hwmon: Fix double-free in __hwmon_device_register()
   1  Re: [PATCH] mfd: tps6586x: Handle interrupts on suspend


Eric_Anholt/
=============
   1  [PATCH 3/3] drm/tinydrm: Fix setting of the column/page end addresses.
   1  [PATCH 2/3] drm: Add an hx8367d tinydrm driver.
   1  [PATCH 1/3] dt-bindings: new binding for Himax HX8357D display panels
   1  [PATCH 0/3] drm: tinydrm driver for adafruit PiTFT 3.5" touchscreen


Eric_Auger/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC v2 12/20] dma-iommu: Implement NESTED_MSI cookie


Eric_Biederman/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification


Eric_Dumazet/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] Change judgment len position


Fabio_Estevam/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx: Add dummy PHYs for HSIC-only USB controllers
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 4/4] ARM: dts: ccimx6ulsbcpro: Add support for Goodix
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 3/4] ARM: imx_v6_v7_defconfig: Select TOUCHSCREEN_GOODIX
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/4] ARM: dts: ccimx6ulsbcpro: Enable AUO G101EVN010


Fenghua_Yu/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] x86/cpufeatures: Enumerate MOVDIR64B instruction
   1  [PATCH 1/2] x86/cpufeatures: Enumerate MOVDIRI instruction
   1  [PATCH 0/2] x86: Enumerate direct stores instructions


Florian_Fainelli/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 3/3] of/fdt: Remove definition check for __early_init_dt_declare_initrd
   1  [PATCH v3 2/3] arm64: Remove custom __early_init_dt_declare_initrd implenentation
   1  [PATCH v3 1/3] of/fdt: Absorb ARM64's __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  [PATCH v3 0/3] of/fdt: Absorb ARM64's __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] arm64: Create asm/initrd.h
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] arch: Add asm-generic/initrd.h and make use of it for most architectures
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] arm64: Cut rebuild time when changing CONFIG_BLK_DEV_INITRD
   1  [PATCH RFC] net: dsa: Make switches VLAN aware when enslaved into a bridge
   1  [PATCH 2/2] perf tests: Add a test for the ARM 32-bit [vectors] page
   1  [PATCH 1/2] perf tools: Make find_vdso_map() more modular
   1  [PATCH 0/2] perf tests: Check for ARM [vectors] page
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] arm64: Cut rebuild time when changing
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC] net: dsa: Make switches VLAN aware when enslaved into
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] perf tools: Make find_vdso_map() more modular


Greentime_Hu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 0/4] nds32: Perf support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/1] nds32: Power management for nds32


Grygorii_Strashko/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v9 6/9] i3c: master: Add driver for Cadence IP


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] hwmon: (core) Inherit power properties to hdev
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] hwmon: Fix double-free in __hwmon_device_register()


H_Peter_Anvin/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] x86/ldt: Unmap PTEs for the slow before freeing LDT


Heikki_Krogerus/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH 4/5] usb: typec: Find the ports by also matching
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/5] driver core: Add fwnode member to struct


Heiko_Carstens/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] s390/fault: use wake_up_klogd() in bust_spinlocks()
   1  [PATCH] s390/fault: use wake_up_klogd() in bust_spinlocks()
   1  [PATCH] arch/s390: use common bust_spinlocks()


Horia_Geantă/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] crypto: caam/qi - simplify CGR allocation, freeing


J_Bruce_Fields/
=============
   1  Re: KASAN: slab-out-of-bounds Read in string (2)


Jacek_Anaszewski/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] leds: upboard: Add LED support
   1  Re: [PATCH v15 1/2] leds: core: Introduce LED pattern trigger


Jakub_Kicinski/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] include: add


James_Bottomley/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: aic7xxx: Fix unintended sign extension issue


James_Morris/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] security: integrity subsystem updates for 4.20
   1  [GIT PULL] security: TPM updates for v4.20
   1  [GIT PULL] security: Smack updates for v4.20
   1  [GIT PULL] security: LoadPin changes for v4.20


Jan_Kara/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH v3 01/10] fs: common implementation of file type
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH 00/11] common implementation of dirent file types
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/7] btrfs: drop mmap_sem in mkwrite for btrfs


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
   1  [PATCH] tpm: use tpm_buf in tpm_transmit_cmd() as the IO parameter


Jason_A_Donenfeld/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v8 28/28] net: WireGuard secure network tunnel


Jens_Axboe/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH BUGFIX] block, bfq: fix asymmetric scenarios detection
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] Fix typo in RWH_WRITE_LIFE_NOT_SET constant name


Jerome_Brunet/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/6] clk: Remove recursion in clk_core_{prepare,enable}()
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver


Jessica_Yu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64/module: use mod->klp_info section header


Johannes_Berg/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/3] kernel/workqueue: Remove lockdep annotation from
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kernel/workqueue: Suppress a false positive lockdep
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] Suppress false positives triggered by workqueue


John_Garry/
=============
   1  Re: Crash report: Broken NUMA distance map causes crash on arm64


Josef_Bacik/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/7] btrfs: drop mmap_sem in mkwrite for btrfs


Juergen_Gross/
=============
   1  [PATCH] xen/pvh: don't try to unplug emulated devices
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [v3 04/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Enable FSGSBASE
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen: drop writing error messages to xenstore
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 00/18] xen: add pvh guest support
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86/ioremap: tighten integer overflow checking


Julia_Lawall/
=============
   1  [PATCH] drm: fix call_kern.cocci warnings (fwd)
   1  [PATCH] drm: fix call_kern.cocci warnings


KDUMP_Baoquan_He/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCHv2 1/2] x86/mm: Move LDT remap out of KASLR region on


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] KVM updates for Linux 4.20-rc1


Kees_Cook/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] RISC-V: Add support for SECCOMP
   2  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in task_is_descendant
   1  [GIT PULL] gcc-plugin stackleak for v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] Move EM_RISCV into elf-em.h
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..


Kieran_Bingham/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] scripts/gdb: fix lx-version


Kishon_Vijay_Abraham_I/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 01/11] phy: core add phy_set_netif_mode() api


LEAKING_ADDRESSES_Tycho_Andersen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 14/17] prmem: llist, hlist, both plain and rcu


Lars-Peter_Clausen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: iio: ad7780: update voltage on read


Lee_Jones/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 2/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mfd: ab8500-core: Return zero in
   1  Re: [PATCH] mfd: twl-core: Fix section annotations on
   1  Re: [PATCH] mfd: remove redundant 'default n' from Kconfig
   1  Re: [PATCH] mfd: mt6397: Do not call irq_domain_remove if PMIC
   1  Re: [PATCH] mfd: db8500-prcmu: Fix some section annotations
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 08/12] mfd: intel-peci-client: Add PECI client MFD
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/5] dt-bindings: mfd: rk808: Add binding information
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/5] regulator: rk808: add RK809 and RK817 support.
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 11/11] mfd: axp20x: Add supported cells for AXP803
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 10/11] mfd: axp20x: Add AC power supply cell for AXP813
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/5] mfd: rk808: Add RK817 and RK809 support
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 09/11] power: supply: add AC power supply driver for
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/8] mfd: stpmic1: add stpmic1 driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/8] dt-bindings: mfd: document stpmic1
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] mfd: upboard: Add UP2 platform controller driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 RESEND 1/2] mfd: madera: Add irqchip data pointer
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 2/4] dt-bindings: anybus-bridge: document
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] mfd: altera-sysmgr: Add SOCFPGA System Manager


Li_Yang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 6/6] arm64: dts: add LX2160ARDB board support
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/6] soc/fsl/guts: Add definition for LX2160A


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] xfs: 4.20 merge
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] power-supply changes for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] jfs fixes for v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] first round of SCSI updates for the 4.19+ merge window
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] f2fs update for 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] ext4 updates for 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] dmaengine updates for v4.20/5.0
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] PCI changes for v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] MFD for v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] HID for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] EDAC updates for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Documentation for 4.20 (or whatever it's called)
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Btrfs updates for 4.20, part 1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Backlight for v4.20
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..
   1  Re: GFS2: Pull request (merge window)


Linus_Walleij/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: sdhci: Conver sdhci_allocate_bounce_buffer() to
   1  Re: [PATCH] leds: gpio: set led_dat->gpiod pointer for OF defined
   1  Re: [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: add myself as co-maintainer of gpiolib
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 3/4] bus: support HMS Anybus-S bus.
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 2/4] dt-bindings: anybus-bridge: document


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 3/3] mm, oom: hand over MMF_OOM_SKIP to exit path if it is guranteed to finish
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 2/3] mm, oom: keep retrying the oom_reap operation as long as there is substantial memory left
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 1/3] mm, oom: rework mmap_exit vs. oom_reaper synchronization
   1  [RFC PATCH v2 0/3] oom: rework oom_reaper vs. exit_mmap handoff
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v3 4/6] mm: Move hot-plug specific memory init into
   1  Re: [kvm PATCH 2/2] kvm: vmx: use vmalloc() to allocate vcpus
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm: don't reclaim inodes with many attached pages
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/2] improve vmalloc allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages, totalhigh_pages and
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm,oom: Use timeout based back off.
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 3/5] mm/hugetlb: Enable arch specific huge page size
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC v3 0/3] Rlimit for module space


Maarten_Lankhorst/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] drm: fix call_kern.cocci warnings (fwd)
   1  [PATCH] drm: fix call_kern.cocci warnings


Mark_Brown/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic


Martin_Schwidefsky/
=============
   1  Re: dcache endless loop in d_invalidate


Maxime_Ripard_/
=============
   1  Re: [linux-sunxi] Re: [PATCH] arm64: defconfig: Enable MFD_AXP20X_I2C
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: Add device node for Mali-400
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: dts: sun8i-a83t-tbs-a711: Change MMC0 bus-width to 4
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 15/15] arm64: dts: allwinner: bananapi-m64: Bananapi
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 14/15] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: Add DSI pipeline
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 13/15] dt-bindings: sun6i-dsi: Add compatible for A64
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 12/15] clk: sunxi-ng: a64: Add min and max rate for
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 10/15] dt-bindings: panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 04/15] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add Allwinner A64
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 02/15] clk: sunxi-ng: Add check for minimal rate to
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] drm/panel: simple: Add support for the Lemaker BL035
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] drm/sun4i: tcon: Support an active-low DE signal


Michael_S_Tsirkin/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v37 0/3] Virtio-balloon: support free page reporting


Miroslav_Benes/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64/module: use mod->klp_info section header


Nicolin_Chen/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] hwmon: (core) Inherit power properties to hdev
   1  [PATCH v3 5/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Add PM runtime support
   1  [PATCH v3 4/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Make sure data is ready before reading
   1  [PATCH v3 3/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Serialize sysfs ABI accesses
   1  [PATCH v3 2/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Check channel status for alarms attribute read
   1  [PATCH v3 1/5] hwmon: (core) Inherit power properties to hdev
   1  [PATCH v3 0/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Implement PM runtime to save power
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Add PM runtime support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Make sure data is ready before


Oleg_Nesterov/
=============
   6  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in task_is_descendant


P1_devicetree/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 2/4] dt-bindings: anybus-bridge: document devicetree binding.
   1  [PATCH v4 1/5] dt-bindings: phy-qcom-qmp: Fix register underspecification
   1  [PATCH v3 2/5] nfc: pn532_uart: Add NXP PN532 to devicetree docs
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/4] nds32: Add document for NDS32 PMU.
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 3/4] bus: support HMS Anybus-S bus.
   1  RE: [PATCH V1 3/3] ARM: dts: sabreauto: Add flexcan support


P1_kvm/
=============
   2  Re: [kvm PATCH 2/2] kvm: vmx: use vmalloc() to allocate vcpus
   1  [kvm PATCH v3 1/1] kvm: vmx: use vmalloc() to allocate vcpus
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH] kvm/x86 : remove unused struct definition
   1  [SPAM] Re: [kvm PATCH v3 1/1] kvm: vmx: use vmalloc() to
   1  [PATCH] tools/kvm_stat: switch to python3
   1  [PATCH v2 6/6] local: hyperv: test ex hypercall
   1  [PATCH v2 5/6] x86/kvm/hyperv: implement xmm fast hypercall
   1  [PATCH v2 4/6] hyperv: use hv_do_hypercall instead of hv_do_fast_hypercall
   1  [PATCH v2 3/6] x86/hyperv: use hv_do_hypercall for flush_virtual_address_space_ex
   1  [PATCH v2 2/6] x86/hyperv: use hv_do_hypercall for __send_ipi_mask_ex()
   1  [PATCH v2 1/6] x86/kernel/hyper-v: xmm fast hypercall as guest
   1  [PATCH v2 0/6] x86/kernel/hyper-v: xmm fast hypercall
   1  SSL Expired
   1  Re: [kvm PATCH v3 1/1] kvm: vmx: use vmalloc() to allocate vcpus
   1  Re: [PATCH v37 0/3] Virtio-balloon: support free page reporting
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] KVM: x86: remove check on nr_mmu_pages in
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/6] x86/kernel/hyper-v: xmm fast hypercall
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 06/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT virtualization work mode
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/4] kvm, vmx: remove manually coded vmx instructions
   1  RE: [PATCH v13 08/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT context switch for
   1  RE: [PATCH v13 06/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT virtualization work
   1  FOSDEM'19 Virtualization & IaaS Devroom CfP


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   4  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/2] improve vmalloc allocation
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm: don't reclaim inodes with many attached pages
   2  Re: [PATCH -V6 06/21] swap: Support PMD swap mapping when splitting
   2  Re: [PATCH -V6 00/21] swap: Swapout/swapin THP in one piece
   1  [PATCH] z3fold: encode object length in the handle
   1  Re: [PATCHv2 1/2] x86/mm: Move LDT remap out of KASLR region on
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages, totalhigh_pages and
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm/thp: Correctly differentiate between mapped THP and
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 3/5] mm/hugetlb: Enable arch specific huge page size
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] x86/ldt: Unmap PTEs for the slow before freeing LDT
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm, thp: consolidate THP gfp handling into
   1  Re: [PATCH -V6 14/21] swap: Support to move swap account for PMD swap mapping
   1  Re: [PATCH -V6 14/21] swap: Support to move swap account for PMD
   1  Re: [PATCH -V6 06/21] swap: Support PMD swap mapping when splitting huge PMD
   1  Re: Memory management issue in 4.18.15


P1_netdev/
=============
   7  Re: [PATCH] Change judgment len position
   4  Re: [PATCH v2] bpf: btf: Fix a missing-check bug
   1  [PATCH] dp83867: fix speed 10 in sgmii mode
   1  Re: [PATCH] bonding:avoid repeated display of same link status change
   1  Re: [PATCH] bonding:avoid repeated display of same link status
   1  Re: [LKP] [PATCH] Change judgment len position
   1  Re: Regression: kernel 4.14 an later very slow with many ipsec tunnels
   1  Re: BUG: KMSAN: uninit-value in selinux_socket_bind, selinux_socket_connect_helper
   1  RE: [PATCH] bonding:avoid repeated display of same link status change
   1  BUG: KMSAN: uninit-value in selinux_socket_bind, selinux_socket_connect_helper


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] perf: Add munmap callback
   1  [PATCH 37/37] perf script: Support total cycles count
   1  [PATCH 36/37] perf script: Implement --graph-function
   1  [PATCH 35/37] tools script: Add --call-trace and --call-ret-trace
   1  [PATCH 34/37] perf script: Make itrace script default to all calls
   1  [PATCH 33/37] perf script: Add --insn-trace for instruction decoding
   1  [PATCH 32/37] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Add All branches report
   1  [PATCH 31/37] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Add ability to display all the database tables
   1  [PATCH 30/37] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Add ability to shrink / enlarge font
   1  [PATCH 29/37] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Add ability to find symbols in the call-graph
   1  [PATCH 28/37] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Add support for multiple sub-windows
   1  [PATCH 27/37] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Rename to exported-sql-viewer.py
   1  [PATCH 26/37] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Refactor TreeItem class
   1  [PATCH 25/37] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Add data helper functions
   1  [PATCH 24/37] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Factor out CallGraphModel from TreeModel
   1  [PATCH 23/37] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Remove use of setObjectName()
   1  [PATCH 22/37] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Add a class for global data
   1  [PATCH 21/37] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Separate the database details into a class
   1  [PATCH 20/37] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Make a "Main" function
   1  [PATCH 19/37] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Change icon
   1  [PATCH 18/37] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Set a minimum window size
   1  [PATCH 17/37] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Provide better default column sizes
   1  [PATCH 16/37] perf scripts python: call-graph-from-sql.py: Use SPDX license identifier
   1  [PATCH 15/37] perf trace: Introduce per-event maximum number of events property
   1  [PATCH 14/37] perf script: Flush output stream after events in verbose mode
   1  [PATCH 13/37] perf script: Allow extended console debug output
   1  [PATCH 12/37] perf stat: Poll for monitored tasks being alive
   1  [PATCH 11/37] perf trace: Drop thread refcount in trace__event_handler()
   1  [PATCH 10/37] perf trace: Drop addr_location refcounts
   1  [PATCH 09/37] perf evsel: Mark a evsel as disabled when asking the kernel do disable it
   1  [PATCH 08/37] perf evsel: Introduce per event max_events property
   1  [PATCH 07/37] perf trace: Introduce --max-events
   1  [PATCH 06/37] tools lib subcmd: Introduce OPTION_ULONG
   1  [PATCH 05/37] perf arm64: Fix generate system call table failed with /tmp mounted with noexec
   1  [PATCH 04/37] perf symbols: Set PLT entry/header sizes properly on Sparc
   1  [PATCH 03/37] perf jitdump: Add Sparc support.
   1  [PATCH 02/37] perf annotate: Add Sparc support
   1  [PATCH 01/37] perf record: Encode -k clockid frequency into Perf trace
   1  [PATCH 00/37] perf/core improvements and fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf trace beautify: Beautify flags of mount(2) and
   1  Re: [PATCH v14 0/3]: perf: reduce data loss when profiling highly


Pablo_Neira_Ayuso/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] netfilter: bridge: define INT_MIN & INT_MAX in userspace


Palmer_Dabbelt/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] RISC-V: Add support for SECCOMP
   1  [PATCH 1/2] Move EM_RISCV into elf-em.h
   1  [PATCH 0/2] RISC-V: Add support for SECCOMP


Paolo_Valente/
=============
   1  [PATCH BUGFIX] block, bfq: fix asymmetric scenarios detection


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 3.18 55/98] rcu: Clear need_qs flag to prevent


Paul_Moore/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 03/10] audit: log container info of syscalls
   3  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 03/10] audit: log container info of


Pavel_Machek/
=============
   1  [regression, bisected] Keyboard not responding after resuming from
   1  [PATCH] Fix pattern handling optimalization
   1  Re: [PATCH] leds: gpio: set led_dat->gpiod pointer for OF defined
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 5/7] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Modify dt bindings for the
   1  Re: [PATCH v15 1/2] leds: core: Introduce LED pattern trigger
   1  Re: Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of Conduct: Fix some


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH 1/2] perf: Add munmap callback
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] sched/core: Don't mix isolcpus and housekeeping CPUs
   1  Re: [PATCH 16/17] prmem: pratomic-long


Petr_Mladek/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 1/4] panic: avoid deadlocks in re-entrant console
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64/module: use mod->klp_info section header


Richard_Fitzgerald/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2 2/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic


Rob_Herring/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] arm64: Cut rebuild time when changing CONFIG_BLK_DEV_INITRD
   2  Re: [V3, 3/4] Documentation: dt-bindings: media: Document bindings
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] dt-bindings: serial: add documentation for the
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/3] crypto: qce: ice: Add support for Inline Crypto
   1  Re: [[PATCH] 0/9] *** DMA support for UART in ASPEED's AST2500  ***
   1  Re: [V3, 1/4] Documentation: dt-bindings: phy: Document the Synopsys
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 5/7] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Modify dt bindings for the
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/4] nds32: Add document for NDS32 PMU.
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] dt-bindings: clk: add documentation for the
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 2/4] dt-bindings: anybus-bridge: document
   1  Re: [PATCH V1 2/2] Documentation: can: flexcan: Add stop-mode
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] crypto: qce: ice: Add support for Inline Crypto Engine
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] crypto: ccree: add dt bindings for ccree 713
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3 v2] clk: qoriq: remove legacy bindings and add more
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: irq: add binding for Freescale IRQSTEER


Roger_Pau_Monné/
=============
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH 3/3] mfi-common: Drop freebsd builds


Russell_King/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm/zsmalloc.c: check encoded object value overflow
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] of/fdt: Absorb ARM64's
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] arm64: Cut rebuild time when changing


Scott_Wood/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3 v2] clk: qoriq: update clock driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3 v2] powerpc/fsl: Use new clockgen binding


Sebastian_Reichel/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] power-supply changes for 4.20


Sergey_Senozhatsky/
=============
   1  [PATCH] panic: avoid deadlocks in re-entrant console drivers
   1  Re: [PATCHv3] panic: avoid deadlocks in re-entrant console drivers


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] clk: analogbits: add Wide-Range PLL library


Steve_Wise/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] RDMA/cxgb3: Fix unintended sign extension


Sudeep_Holla/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 4.9 91/98] tty: serial: pl011: add ttyAMA for


Suganath_Prabu_Subramani/
=============
   1  [Resend 2/2] mpt3sas: Add support to Aero PCI IDs.
   1  [Resend 1/2] mpt3sas: Update MPI headers to support Aero controllers.
   1  [Resend 0/2] mpt3sas: Add support to Aero controllers.
   1  [PATCH 2/2] mpt3sas: Add support to Aero PCI IDs.
   1  [PATCH 1/2] mpt3sas: Update MPI headers to support Aero controllers.
   1  [PATCH 0/2]mpt3sas: Update MPI headers to support Aero controllers.


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
   2  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in task_is_descendant
   1  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in =?ISO-2022-JP?B?dGFza19pc19kZXNjZW5k?=


Tejun_Heo/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kernel/workqueue: Suppress a false positive lockdep
   1  [GIT PULL] cgroup changes for v4.20-rc1


Theodore_Tso/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kernel/workqueue: Suppress a false positive lockdep
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] crypto: qce: ice: Add support for Inline Crypto


Thierry_Reding/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v6 4/8] ARM: dts: tegra20: Add interrupt entry to
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 8/8] memory: tegra: Introduce Tegra20 EMC driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 7/8] clk: tegra20: Check whether direct PLLM sourcing
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 6/8] clk: tegra20: Turn EMC clock gate into divider
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 5/8] ARM: dts: tegra20: Add clock entry to External
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 3/8] dt: bindings: Move tegra20-emc binding to
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 2/8] dt: bindings: tegra20-emc: Document clock property
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/8] dt: bindings: tegra20-emc: Document interrupt
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] soc/tegra: pmc: Drop locking from
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] iommu/tegra194_smmu: Add Tegra194 SMMU driver


Ulf_Hansson/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 10/10] OPP: Remove of_dev_pm_opp_find_required_opp()
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 09/10] OPP: Rename and relocate of_genpd_opp_to_performance_state()
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 08/10] OPP: Configure all required OPPs
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 07/10] OPP: Add dev_pm_opp_{set|put}_genpd_virt_dev() helper
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 06/10] PM / Domains: Add genpd_opp_to_performance_state()
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 01/10] PM / Domains: Rename genpd virtual devices as virt_dev


VFS_Alexander_Viro/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] Change judgment len position
   1  [git pull] more ->lookup() cleanups
   1  [git pull] compat_ioctl fixes
   1  [git pull] alpha syscall glue stuff


Vinod_Koul/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] dmaengine updates for v4.20/5.0
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] dmaengine updates for v4.20/5.0


Viresh_Kumar/
=============
   1  [PATCH] dt-bindings: arm: Fix cpu capacity mismatch in example
   1  [PATCH V3 10/10] OPP: Remove of_dev_pm_opp_find_required_opp()
   1  [PATCH V3 09/10] OPP: Rename and relocate of_genpd_opp_to_performance_state()
   1  [PATCH V3 08/10] OPP: Configure all required OPPs
   1  [PATCH V3 07/10] OPP: Add dev_pm_opp_{set|put}_genpd_virt_dev() helper
   1  [PATCH V3 06/10] PM / Domains: Add genpd_opp_to_performance_state()
   1  [PATCH V3 05/10] OPP: Populate OPPs from "required-opps" property
   1  [PATCH V3 04/10] OPP: Populate required opp tables from "required-opps" property
   1  [PATCH V3 03/10] OPP: Separate out custom OPP handler specific code
   1  [PATCH V3 02/10] OPP: Identify and mark genpd OPP tables
   1  [PATCH V3 01/10] PM / Domains: Rename genpd virtual devices as virt_dev
   1  [PATCH V3 00/10] OPP: Support multiple power-domains per device


Wei_Liu/
=============
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/efi: Do not insert timestamps in efi


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 0/3] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr
   1  Re: PROPOSAL: Extend inline asm syntax with size spec


alsa-devel/
=============
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Additional firmware files for CA0132 HD-audio codec


ath10k/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] ath10k: snoc: fix unabalanced regulator error


bcm-kernel-feedback-list/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] of/fdt: Absorb ARM64's __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()


containers/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 03/10] audit: log container info
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/1] ns: add binfmt_misc to the user namespace


coreteam/
=============
   1  [RFC] [PATCH] netfilter: Fix kmemleak false positive reports
   1  Re: [PATCH] netfilter: bridge: define INT_MIN & INT_MAX in userspace


dm-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [dm-devel] [RFC] dm-bow working prototype
   1  Re: [RFC] dm-bow working prototype


dri-devel/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] drm: fix call_kern.cocci warnings (fwd)
   2  [PATCH] drm: fix call_kern.cocci warnings
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] drm/bridge: ti-sn65dsi86: Allow DT to set "HPD delay"
   1  [git pull] drm pull for 4.20-rc1
   1  [PATCH] drm: fix call_kern.cocci warnings (fwd)
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] drm/exynos: fimd: Make pixel blend mode configurable
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] drm/exynos: fimd: Make plane alpha configurable
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] drm/exynos: fimd: Add properties
   1  [PATCH v1 4/4] ARM: dts: ccimx6ulsbcpro: Add support for Goodix touch controller
   1  [PATCH v1 3/4] ARM: imx_v6_v7_defconfig: Select TOUCHSCREEN_GOODIX
   1  [PATCH v1 2/4] ARM: dts: ccimx6ulsbcpro: Enable AUO G101EVN010 lcdif panel
   1  [PATCH v1 1/4] drm/panel: simple: Add AUO G101EVN010 panel support
   1  [PATCH v1 0/4] ARM: dts: ccimx6ulsbcpro: Add 10" AUO/Goodix LVDS panel accessory kit
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 14/15] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: Add DSI pipeline
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 13/15] dt-bindings: sun6i-dsi: Add compatible for A64 DPHY
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 12/15] clk: sunxi-ng: a64: Add min and max rate for PLL_MIPI
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 04/15] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add Allwinner A64
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 02/15] clk: sunxi-ng: Add check for minimal rate to NKM PLLs
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] drm/sun4i: tcon: Support an active-low DE signal
   1  Re: [Intel-gfx] [RESEND PATCH v2 0/2] Check MST topology change on


fs_notify_Amir_Goldstein/
=============
   1  Re: KASAN: slab-out-of-bounds Read in string (2)


iommu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] iommu/arm-smmu: Add support to use Last level cache


kbuild-all/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] V3 init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from
   1  [SPAM] drivers/cdrom/gdrom.c:797:3: error: 'rc' undeclared
   1  Re: [PATCH] Change judgment len position


kernel-janitors/
=============
   1  [PATCH] x86/ioremap: tighten integer overflow checking
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86/ioremap: tighten integer overflow checking
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mfd: ab8500-core: Return zero in


kvm-arm/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm/zsmalloc.c: check encoded object value overflow
   2  Re: [RFC v2 12/20] dma-iommu: Implement NESTED_MSI cookie
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm/zsmalloc.c: check encoded object
   1  [PATCH v6 6/6] arm64: dts: add LX2160ARDB board support
   1  [PATCH v6 5/6] arm64: dts: add QorIQ LX2160A SoC support
   1  [PATCH v6 4/6] clk: qoriq: Add clockgen support for lx2160a
   1  [PATCH v6 3/6] clk: qoriq: increase array size of cmux_to_group
   1  [PATCH v6 2/6] soc/fsl/guts: Add definition for LX2160A
   1  [PATCH v6 1/6] dt-bindings: arm64: add compatible for LX2160A
   1  [PATCH v6 0/6] arm64: dts: NXP: add basic dts file for LX2160A SoC
   1  [PATCH 2/2] mm/zsmalloc.c: fix zsmalloc ARM LPAE support
   1  [PATCH 1/2] mm/zsmalloc.c: check encoded object value overflow for PAE
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] of/fdt: Absorb ARM64's __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 5/6] arm64: dts: add QorIQ LX2160A SoC support


linux-acpi/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v8 0/3] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: sdhci-pci: Try "cd" for card-detect lookup before


linux-alpha/
=============
   1  Re: vmlinux ld relocation errors on Alpha


linux-amlogic/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 2/3] clk: meson: add DT documentation for emmc clock
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver


linux-arch/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  [PATCH v4 4/4] nds32: Add document for NDS32 PMU.
   1  [PATCH v4 3/4] nds32: Add perf call-graph support.
   1  [PATCH v4 2/4] nds32: Perf porting
   1  [PATCH v4 1/4] nds32: Fix bug in bitfield.h
   1  [PATCH v4 0/4] nds32: Perf support
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification


linux-arm-msm/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] phy: qcom-qusb2: Use HSTX_TRIM fused value as is
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Qualcomm ARM64 DT updates for 4.20


linux-aspeed/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 08/12] mfd: intel-peci-client: Add PECI client MFD
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 07/12] dt-bindings: mfd: Add a document for PECI client


linux-block/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH BUGFIX] block, bfq: fix asymmetric scenarios detection


linux-bluetooth/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] Bluetooth: btqcomsmd: use HCI_QUIRK_USE_BDADDR_PROPERTY
   1  [PATCH 1/2] Bluetooth: Add quirk for reading BD_ADDR from fwnode property
   1  [PATCH 0/2] Add quirk for reading BD_ADDR from fwnode property
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] Bluetooth: btqcomsmd: use
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] Bluetooth: Add quirk for reading BD_ADDR from fwnode


linux-can/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH V1 2/2] Documentation: can: flexcan: Add stop-mode


linux-clk/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH 1/6] clk: Remove recursion in clk_core_{prepare,enable}()
   1  [PATCH linux-next v1 4/4] arm64: salvator-common: Add avb counter clock
   1  [PATCH linux-next v1 3/4] arm64: ulcb: Add avb counter clock
   1  [PATCH linux-next v1 2/4] clk: renesas: Add binding document for AVB Counter Clock
   1  [PATCH linux-next v1 1/4] clk: renesas: clk-avb: add AVB Clock driver
   1  [PATCH linux-next v1 0/4] Add AVB Counter Clock
   1  Re: [PATCH v6] clk: qcom: Add lpass clock controller driver for
   1  RE: [PATCH 3/3 v2] clk: qoriq: update clock driver
   1  RE: [PATCH 2/3 v2] clk: qoriq: remove legacy bindings and add more


linux-crypto/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 11/12] crypto: adiantum - add Adiantum support


linux-doc/
=============
   1  [PATCH v7 2/2] ThunderX2, perf : Add Cavium ThunderX2 SoC UNCORE PMU
   1  [PATCH v7 1/2] perf, uncore: Adding documentation for ThunderX2 pmu
   1  [PATCH v7 0/2] Add ThunderX2 SoC Performance Monitoring Unit driver


linux-edac/
=============
   1  [PATCH v10 6/6] edac: synopsys: Add Error Injection support for ZynqMP DDRC
   1  [PATCH v10 5/6] arm64: zynqmp: Add DDRC node
   1  [PATCH v10 4/6] edac: synopsys: Add EDAC ECC support for ZynqMP DDRC
   1  [PATCH v10 3/6] edac: synopsys: Add macro defines for ZynqMP DDRC
   1  [PATCH v10 2/6] dt: bindings: Document ZynqMP DDRC in Synopsys documentation
   1  [PATCH v10 1/6] edac: synopsys: Add error handling for NULL in probe()
   1  [PATCH v10 0/6] EDAC: Enhancements to Synopsys EDAC driver
   1  [GIT PULL] EDAC updates for 4.20


linux-f2fs-devel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] f2fs: export migration_granularity sysfs entry


linux-fpga/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] fpga manager: Adding FPGA Manager support for Xilinx zynqmp
   1  [PATCH v2 2/3] dt-bindings: fpga: Add bindings for ZynqMP fpga driver
   1  [PATCH v2 1/3] firmware: xilinx: Add fpga API's
   1  [PATCH v2 0/3] Add Bitstream configuration support for ZynqMP
   1  Re: [PATCH] fpga: altera_cvp: restrict registration to CvP enabled
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes
   1  AW: [PATCH] fpga: altera_cvp: restrict registration to CvP enabled


linux-fsdevel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/2] Fix typo in RWH_WRITE_LIFE_NOT_SET constant name
   1  [PATCH] fs/file.c: make more use of cloexec bits not being cleared


linux-gpio/
=============
   1  [PATCH] gpio: pl061: Move irq_chip definition inside struct pl061
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] mfd: upboard: Add UP2 platform controller driver


linux-i2c/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v3] i2c:amd I2C Driver based on PCI Interface for
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] i2c:ocores: add polling interface
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] i2c:ocores: stop transfer on timeout


linux-iio/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] staging: iio: ad7780: update voltage on read
   1  [PATCH] staging: iio: ad7780: update voltage on read
   1  [PATCH v3 3/3] iio: adc128s052: use SPDX-License-Identifier
   1  [PATCH v3 2/3] iio: adc128s052: add ACPI _HID AANT1280
   1  [PATCH v3 1/3] iio: adc128s052: Add pin-compatible IDs
   1  [PATCH v3 0/3] iio: adc128s052: add matching options
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 00/11] AXP8x3 AC and battery power supply support
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor


linux-input/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 3/3] ARM: dts: qcom: msm8974-hammerhead: add device tree bindings for vibrator
   1  [PATCH v3 2/3] Input: add new vibrator driver for various MSM SOCs
   1  [PATCH v3 1/3] dt-bindings: Input: new bindings for MSM vibrator
   1  [PATCH v3 0/3] ARM: qcom: add vibrator support for various MSM SOCs


linux-leds/
=============
   1  [PATCH] leds: gpio: Fix gpiod for DT based devices


linux-media/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] media: venus: add support for key frame


linux-mmc/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mmc: sdhci: Convert sdhci_allocate_bounce_buffer() to return void


linux-mtd/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mtd: rawnand: Add all 1.8V AC chips have a broken GET_FEATURES(TIMINGS) 
   1  [PATCH] mtd: rawnand: Add All 1.8V AC chips have a broken GET_FEATURES(TIMINGS)


linux-omap/
=============
   1  [PATCH net-next 4/4] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: fix vlan configuration while down/up
   1  [PATCH net-next 3/4] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: fix vlan mcast
   1  [PATCH net-next 2/4] net: 8021q: vlan_core: allow use list of vlans for real device
   1  [PATCH net-next 1/4] net: core: dev_addr_lists: add auxiliary func to handle reference address updates
   1  [PATCH net-next 0/4] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: fix vlan mcast


linux-pci/
=============
   2  Re: HP DL585 warm boot fail (old)
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 4/4] PCI/dwc: Add more than 4GiB range
   1  [PATCH] x86/PCI: Fix Broadcom CNB20LE unintended sign extension (redux)
   1  [PATCH] PCI/Layerscape: fix wrongly invoking of outbound window
   1  [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: Add x86 early-quirks.c file pattern to PCI
   1  [PATCH v2 4/4] dts/arm64/layerscape: Clean PCIe controller compatible
   1  [PATCH v2 3/4] dts/arm/ls1021a: Clean PCIe controller compatible
   1  [PATCH v2 2/4] dt-bindings: pci: layerscape-pci: removed compatible
   1  [PATCH v2 1/4] dt-bindings: pci: layerscape-pci: add compatible
   1  [PATCH v2 0/4] dts/layerscape-pci: removed unsuitable compatible
   1  [PATCH 6/6] misc: pci_endpoint_test: Add the layerscape EP device support
   1  [PATCH 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.
   1  [PATCH 4/6] arm64: dts: Add the PCIE EP node in dts
   1  [PATCH 4/4] PCI/dwc: Add more than 4GiB range support
   1  [PATCH 3/6] PCI: layerscape: Add the EP mode support
   1  [PATCH 3/4] PCI/layerscape: initialize the number of viewport
   1  [PATCH 2/6] ARM: dts: ls1021a: Add the status property disable PCIe
   1  [PATCH 2/4] PCI/dwc: Fix the 4GiB outbound window size truncated to
   1  [PATCH 1/6] arm64: dts: Add the status property disable PCIe
   1  [PATCH 1/4] PCI/dwc: fix potential memory leak
   1  [PATCH 0/4] PCI/dwc: Add more than 4GiB range support
   1  Re: [PATCH] PCI/Layerscape: fix wrongly invoking of outbound window
   1  RE: [PATCH 2/4] doc/layerscape-pci: removed unsuitable compatible
   1  RE: [PATCH 1/4] doc/layerscape-pci: update the PCIe compatible


linux-perf-users/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] pfn_t: force '~' to be parsed as an unary operator


linux-rdma/
=============
   1  [PATCH] RDMA/cxgb3: Fix unintended sign extension


linux-remoteproc/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 08/17] remoteproc: add alloc ops in rproc_mem_entry


linux-rt-users/
=============
   2  Re: TSC to Mono-raw Drift


linux-s390/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] s390/fault: use wake_up_klogd() in bust_spinlocks()
   1  [PATCH] arch/s390: use common bust_spinlocks()
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] arm64: Cut rebuild time when changing
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC v3 0/3] Rlimit for module space


linux-scsi/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 1/2] mpt3sas: Update MPI headers to
   1  [PATCH] scsi: aic7xxx: Fix unintended sign extension issue
   1  RE: [PATCH] scsi: aic7xxx: Fix unintended sign extension issue


linux-serial/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 1/4] panic: avoid deadlocks in re-entrant console
   1  [PATCHv3] panic: avoid deadlocks in re-entrant console drivers
   1  Re: [PATCHv3] panic: avoid deadlocks in re-entrant console drivers
   1  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs


linux-snps-arc/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC] ARC: ARCv2: Introduce SmaRT support


linux-soc/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] drivers: qcom: rpmh: disallow active requests in
   1  [PATCH v4 5/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add USB PHY lane two
   1  [PATCH v4 4/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add UFS nodes for sdm845-mtp
   1  [PATCH v4 3/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: add UFS controller
   1  [PATCH v4 0/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add UFS DT nodes
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] drivers: qcom: rpmh-rsc: simplify TCS locking
   1  Re: [PATCH RESEND] drivers: qcom: rpmh: avoid sending sleep/wake


linux-spi/
=============
   1  [PATCH 1/3] dspi: lx2160a: use IRQF_SHARED mode to request IRQ


linux-tip-commits/
=============
   2  Re: in_compat_syscall() returns from kernel thread for X86_32.
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/cpufeatures: Enumerate MOVDIRI instruction
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/cpufeatures: Enumerate MOVDIR64B instruction


linux-usb/
=============
   1  [PATCH] usb: core: do not clear USB_PORT_FEAT_C_CONNECTION on warm
   1  USB-C device hotplug issue
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 4/5] usb: typec: Find the ports by also matching
   1  Re: USB-C device hotplug issue


linux-watchdog/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 4/8] regulator: stpmic1: add stpmic1 regulator driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/8] dt-bindings: mfd: document stpmic1


linux-wireless/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 5/5] nfc: pn532_uart: Make use of pn532 autopoll
   1  [PATCH v3 4/5] nfc: pn533: Add autopoll capability
   1  [PATCH v3 3/5] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver
   1  [PATCH v3 1/5] nfc: pn533: i2c: "pn532" as dt compatible string
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver


osuosl-devel/
=============
   3  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH v2] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio
   2  Re: [PATCH] staging: axis-fifo: Fix line over 80 characters error
   1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH v2] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio delay


platform-driver-x86/
=============
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V2 4/4] misc/pvpanic : pvpanic: add document
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V2 2/4] misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V2 1/4] misc/pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as
   1  [PATCH V2 3/4]  misc/pvpanic: add support to pvpanic device information by using FDT


sparclinux/
=============
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v3 4/6] mm: Move hot-plug specific memory init into


x86_Andy_Lutomirski/
=============
   2  Re: [regression in -rc1] Re: [PATCH v6 2/8] x86/fsgsbase/64:
   1  [regression in -rc1] Re: [PATCH v6 2/8] x86/fsgsbase/64: Introduce
   1  Re: [v3 05/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Preserve FS/GS state in __switch_to()
   1  Re: [v3 04/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Enable FSGSBASE instructions in the
   1  Re: [v3 03/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Add intrinsics/macros for FSGSBASE instructions
   1  Re: [v3 02/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Add 'unsafe_fsgsbase' to enable CR4.FSGSBASE
   1  Re: [v3 01/12] taint: Introduce a new taint flag (insecure)
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] x86/ldt: Unmap PTEs for the slow before freeing LDT


xen-devel/
=============
   9  Re: [Xen-devel] Xen optimization
   9  Re: [Xen-devel] Fix VGA logdirty related display freezes with altp2m
   4  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/efi: Do not insert timestamps in efi
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/mm/p2m: don't needlessly limit MMIO
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] Ongoing/future speculative mitigation work
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] Interrupt injection with ISR set on Intel hardware
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/4] xen/arm: gic: Ensure we have an ISB
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] PING: [PATCH v3] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
   1  [Xen-devel] usage of libxc compat function fails with staging
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 128969: tolerable all pass -
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 128965: tolerable all pass -
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 128962: tolerable all pass -
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 128949: regressions - trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [qemu-mainline test] 128955: tolerable FAIL - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [qemu-mainline baseline-only test] 75499: trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 128971: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 128964: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75496: trouble: blocked/broken
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75493: trouble: blocked/broken
   1  [Xen-devel] [linux-next test] 128957: regressions - FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus test] 128945: regressions - FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [distros-debian-wheezy test] 75500: trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/4] x86/vvmx: Don't handle unknown nested
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/4] x86/vvmx: INVVPID instructions should be
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/4] x86/vvmx: Drop the now-obsolete
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/4] x86/vvmx: Unconditionally initialise
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 0/4] x86/vvmx: XSA-278 followup fixes
   1  [Xen-devel] Xen Security Advisory 278 v1 - x86: Nested VT-x usable
   1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] per-domain configuration and
   1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/HVM: adjust
   1  [PATCH V2] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only when pages are
   1  Re: [v3 04/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Enable FSGSBASE instructions in the
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [v3 04/12] x86/fsgsbase/64: Enable FSGSBASE
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [Xen-users] Intel Z270 support
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86: deal with firmware setting bogus
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/HVM: adjust hvm_interrupt_blocked()
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] amd-iommu: get rid of pointless
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 22/25] xen/arm: Allow vpl011 to be used
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 20/23] xen: support console_switching
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 00/18] xen: add pvh guest support
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/boot: enable NMIs after traps init
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 3/5] xen/x86: Use %*pb[l] instead of
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 2/5] xen/common: Use %*pb[l] instead of
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH RFC] x86/altp2m: fix display frozen when
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH RFC] VMX: fix vmx_handle_eoi()
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/4] xen: use __symbol everywhere
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/4] xen: introduce __symbol
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 09/17] x86/amd: put setting
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 06/22] xen/arm: Move VABORT_GEN_BY_GUEST to
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 05/22] xen/arm: Consolidate CPU
   1  Re: [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only when pages are


