
0_Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
   2  Re: Which SPDX Identifier for files without explicit GPL version


0_Ingo_Molnar/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arch/x86/boot/memory.c: Touched up coding-style issues


0_linux-kernel/
=============
   1  drivers by default (was Re: Another HID problem this merge window..)
   1  [RFC] rcu: doc: update example about stale data
   1  [RFC] doc: rcu: remove note on smp_mb during synchronize_rcu
   1  [PATCH] driver core: Replace simple_strtol by kstrtoint
   1  [PATCH] arch: x86: Touched up patterns of 'sizeof' functions
   1  [PATCH] arch/x86/boot/memory.c: Touched up coding-style issues
   1  Realtek wifi adapter
   1  Re: [RFC] rcu: doc: update example about stale data
   1  Re: [PATCH] fs: proc: move linux_proc_banner to where it is used
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] The linux devs can rescind their license grant.
   1  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle
   1  RE: [Ksummit-discuss] The linux devs can rescind their license
   1  Group Imbalance Bug - performance drop by factor 10x on NUMA boxes
   1  Cramfs: "unable to handle kernel paging request" when reading a file


1_kernel_test_robot/
=============
   1  a31acd3ee8 ("x86/mm: Page size aware flush_tlb_mm_range()"):
   1  [SPAM] drivers//regulator/bd718x7-regulator.c:364:16: error:
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH] staging: olpc_dcon: olpc_dcon_xo_1.c:
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH] sctp: socket.c validate sprstat_policy
   1  [LKP] bb612324ad ("block: warn on un-aligned DMA IO buffer"):
   1  [LKP] a31acd3ee8 ("x86/mm: Page size aware flush_tlb_mm_range()"):
   1  [LKP] 5e7e14fd44 ("aaa"): BUG: KASAN: stack-out-of-bounds in
   1  Re: [PATCH] sctp: socket.c validate sprstat_policy


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 4/5] staging: rtl8188eu: change return type of
   1  Re: [PATCH] arch/x86/boot/memory.c: Touched up coding-style issues
   1  Re: [Outreachy kernel] [RESEND PATCH 2/2] staging: vboxvideo: Use
   1  Re: Another HID problem this merge window..


Christoph_Hellwig/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] libosd: Remove ignored __weak attribute
   1  Re: [PATCH V5] block: fix the DISCARD request merge


David_S_Miller/
=============
   1  perf synthesized mmap timeouts
   1  UI messages in event thread hangs perf top
   1  Re: [PATCH] sctp: socket.c validate sprstat_policy
   1  Re: CAKE and r8169 cause panic on upload in v4.19


Dmitry_Osipenko/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 01/17] OPP: Allow to request stub voltage


Geert_Uytterhoeven/
=============
   1  [git pull] m68k updates for 4.20
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] spi: spi-rspi: simplify getting .driver_data


George_Cherian/
=============
   1  [PATCH] xhci: Add quirk to workaround the errata seen on Cavium


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 7/7] drivers: hwmon: add runtime format string
   1  Re: [PATCH] drivers: hwmon: remove redundant cast


Hans_de_Goede/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH 1/2] staging: vboxvideo: Change uint32_t to u32
   1  Re: [PATCH] Blacklist SAMSUNG MZ7TD256HAFV-000L9 SSD
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] libata: Apply NOLPM quirk for SAMSUNG
   1  Re: Oops in current tree in i2c


Jiri_Kosina/
=============
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] The linux devs can rescind their license
   1  Re: Oops in current tree in i2c
   1  Re: Another HID problem this merge window..


Johan_Hovold/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 3/5] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver


Jonathan_Cameron/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 2/3] iio: adc128s052: add ACPI _HID AANT1280
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 3/3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Add device tree support.
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Add device tree support.
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] iio: adc128s052: use SPDX-License-Identifier
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] iio: adc128s052: Add pin-compatible IDs
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] staging: iio: ad7780: fix offset read value
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] staging: iio: ad7780: update voltage on read
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] staging: iio: ad5933: Remove unnecessary blank line
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: iio: adc: Add docs for AD7606 ADC
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] staging: iio: ad5933: Remove unnecessary space on


Julia_Lawall/
=============
   3  Re: [Outreachy kernel] [RESEND PATCH 2/2] staging: vboxvideo: Use
   1  [PATCH] PCI: histb: constify dw_pcie_host_ops structure
   1  [PATCH] ASoC: AMD: constify regulator_desc structure


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] migration: introduce lockless multithreads model


Kees_Cook/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] pstore: Remove duplicate invoking of persistent_ram_zap()
   1  Re: [PATCH] pstore: Remove duplicate invoking of persistent_ram_=


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
   1  Re: [git pull] Input updates for v4.20-rc0
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] RTC for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL REQUEST] watchdog - v4.20 Merge window
   1  Re: Oops in current tree in i2c
   1  Re: Another HID problem this merge window..
   1  Oops in current tree in i2c
   1  Another HID problem this merge window..


Marc_Zyngier/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 09/10] irqchip: ti-sci-inta: Add support for Interrupt Aggregator driver


Marcel_Holtmann/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/5] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver


Masahiro_Yamada/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] kernel hacking: new config CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_DEBUGGING
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/4] kernel hacking: new config NO_AUTO_INLINE to
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] x86/mm: surround level4_kernel_pgt with #ifdef CONFIG_X86_5LEVEL...#endif


Noralf_Tr√∏nnes/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/tinydrm: Advertise that we can do only
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] drm/tinydrm: Fix setting of the column/page end
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] drm: Add an hx8367d tinydrm driver.
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] dt-bindings: new binding for Himax HX8357D display


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH] mm: simplify get_next_ra_size
   1  [PATCH] mm: simplify get_next_ra_size


P1_netdev/
=============
   1  WARNING in __debug_object_init (3)
   1  Re: [LKP] [tcp] a337531b94: netperf.Throughput_Mbps -6.1% regression
   1  Re: WARNING in __debug_object_init (3)
   1  Re: CAKE and r8169 cause panic on upload in v4.19
   1  RE: [LKP] [tcp] a337531b94: netperf.Throughput_Mbps -6.1% regression


Paul_Moore/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 03/10] audit: log container info of syscalls
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 03/10] audit: log container info of


Stefan_Wahren/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] staging: vc04_services: Some dead code removal


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/2] tracing: Fix synthetic event parser
   1  [for-next][PATCH 18/18] tracing: Have stack tracer trace full stack
   1  [for-next][PATCH 17/18] tracing: Export trace_dump_stack to modules
   1  [for-next][PATCH 16/18] tracing: probeevent: Fix uninitialized used of offset in parse args
   1  [for-next][PATCH 15/18] tracing/kprobes: Allow kprobe-events to record module symbol
   1  [for-next][PATCH 14/18] tracing/kprobes: Check the probe on unloaded module correctly
   1  [for-next][PATCH 13/18] tracing/uprobes: Fix to return -EFAULT if copy_from_user failed
   1  [for-next][PATCH 12/18] tracing: probeevent: Add $argN for accessing function args
   1  [for-next][PATCH 11/18] x86: ptrace: Add function argument access API
   1  [for-next][PATCH 10/18] tracing: probeevent: Add array type support
   1  [for-next][PATCH 09/18] tracing: probeevent: Add symbol type
   1  [for-next][PATCH 08/18] tracing: probeevent: Unify fetch_insn processing common part
   1  [for-next][PATCH 07/18] tracing: probeevent: Append traceprobe_ for exported function
   1  [for-next][PATCH 06/18] tracing: probeevent: Return consumed bytes of dynamic area
   1  [for-next][PATCH 04/18] tracing: probeevent: Introduce new argument fetching code
   1  [for-next][PATCH 03/18] tracing: probeevent: Remove NOKPROBE_SYMBOL from print functions
   1  [for-next][PATCH 02/18] tracing: probeevent: Cleanup argument field definition
   1  [for-next][PATCH 01/18] tracing: probeevent: Cleanup print argument functions
   1  [for-next][PATCH 00/18] tracing: For this merge window
   1  Re: [PATCH 14/17] prmem: llist, hlist, both plain and rcu


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
   1  Re: [Patch v3 03/13] x86/speculation: Add static key for Enhanced


VFS_Alexander_Viro/
=============
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] The linux devs can rescind their license grant.


dri-devel/
=============
   1  Re: [linux-sunxi] [PATCH v3 20/25] drm/panel: Add Techstar TS8550B


kvm-arm/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] kernel hacking: new config
   1  [PATCH v3 4/4] kernel hacking: new config CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_DEBUGGING to apply GCC -Og optimization
   1  [PATCH v3 3/4] ARM: mm: fix build error in fix_to_virt with CONFIG_CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_DEBUGGING
   1  [PATCH v3 2/4] kernel hacking: new config NO_AUTO_INLINE to disable compiler auto-inline optimizations
   1  [PATCH v3 1/4] x86/mm: declare check_la57_support() as inline
   1  [PATCH v3 0/4] kernel hacking: GCC optimization for better debug experience (-Og)
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] x86/mm: surround level4_kernel_pgt with #ifdef


linux-amlogic/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] clocksource: meson6_timer: implement ARM delay timer
   1  [PATCH 1/2] clocksource: meson6_timer: use register names from the datasheet
   1  [PATCH 0/2] clocksource/meson6_timer: implement ARM delay timer
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
   1  [PATCH v1 4/4] perf cs-etm: Add support sample flags
   1  [PATCH v1 3/4] perf cs-etm: Set branch instruction flags in packet
   1  [PATCH v1 2/4] perf cs-etm: Track exception number
   1  [PATCH v1 1/4] perf cs-etm: Generate branch sample for exception packet
   1  [PATCH v1 0/4] perf cs-etm: Add support for sample flags


linux-audit/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] RISC-V: Add support for SECCOMP


linux-block/
=============
   2  Re: Bug: swap discard issue with zram caused by "block: don't deal


linux-clk/
=============
   1  [PATCH v8] clk: qcom: Add lpass clock controller driver for SDM845
   1  [PATCH v8] Add support for LPASS clock controller for SDM845
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] clk: qcom : dispcc: Add support for display port


linux-f2fs-devel/
=============
   1  [BUG] Kernel BUG when mounting and then unmounting a fuzzed F2FS image


linux-iio/
=============
   1  [PATCH v6 3/3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Add device tree support.
   1  [PATCH v6 2/3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Add device tree table.
   1  [PATCH v6 1/3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  [PATCH v6 0/3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Add device tree support.
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 04/11] dt-bindings: iio: adc: add AXP803 ADC bindings
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/3] iio: adc128s052: add ACPI _HID AANT1280


linux-input/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] HID: moving to group maintainership model


linux-next/
=============
   1  linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commit in the c6x tree


linux-perf-users/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 11/11] perf tools: Stop fallbacking to kallsyms for vdso symbols lookup


linux-scsi/
=============
   1  [PATCH] scsi: qla2xxx: Fix a typo in MODULE_PARM_DESC
   1  Re: remove exofs and the T10 OSD code V2


linux-sctp/
=============
   2  [PATCH] sctp: socket.c validate sprstat_policy
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] sctp: socket.c validate sprstat_policy
   1  [PATCH v2] sctp: socket.c validate sprstat_policy
   1  Re: [PATCH] sctp: socket.c validate sprstat_policy


linux-sh/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arch/sh/mm/consistent.c: Use dma_zalloc_coherent


osuosl-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH v2] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio
   2  Re: [Outreachy kernel] [RESEND PATCH 2/2] staging: vboxvideo: Use
   1  [PATCH] staging: rtl8712: fix CamelCase in fw_priv struct
   1  [PATCH] staging: olpc_dcon: olpc_dcon_xo_1.c: Switch to the gpio
   1  [PATCH 5/5] staging: rtl8188eu: cleanup long line in rtw_hal_xmit()
   1  [PATCH 4/5] staging: rtl8188eu: change return type of rtw_hal_xmit()
   1  [PATCH 3/5] staging: rtl8188eu: change return type of rtl8188eu_xmitframe_complete()
   1  [PATCH 2/5] staging: rtl8188eu: change type of a struct field
   1  [PATCH 1/5] staging: rtl8188eu: remove unnecessary ternary operator
   1  Which SPDX Identifier for files without explicit GPL version
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/5] staging: rtl8188eu: change return type of
   1  Re: Which SPDX Identifier for files without explicit GPL version


platform-driver-x86/
=============
   1  [PATCH] platform/x86: wmi: declare device_type structure as constant


xen-devel/
=============
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 129010: regressions - trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-4.10-testing baseline-only test] 75520: trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [qemu-mainline baseline-only test] 75525: trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 129095: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75524: trouble: blocked/broken
   1  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus bisection] complete
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/4] xen/arm: gic: Ensure we have an ISB


