
0_Ingo_Molnar/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] x86/mm/tlb: make lazy TLB mode even lazier


0_KVM_Radim_Krčmář/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] KVM updates for Linux 4.20-rc1


0_kernel-hardening/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation
   2  Re: [PATCH 06/17] prmem: test cases for memory protection
   1  [PATCH 17/17] prmem: ima: turn the measurements list write rare
   1  [PATCH 16/17] prmem: pratomic-long
   1  [PATCH 15/17] prmem: test cases for prlist and prhlist
   1  [PATCH 14/17] prmem: llist, hlist, both plain and rcu
   1  [PATCH 13/17] prmem: linked list: disable layout randomization
   1  [PATCH 12/17] prmem: linked list: set alignment
   1  [PATCH 11/17] prmem: llist: use designated initializer
   1  [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation
   1  [PATCH 09/17] prmem: hardened usercopy
   1  [PATCH 08/17] prmem: struct page: track vmap_area
   1  [PATCH 07/17] prmem: lkdtm tests for memory protection
   1  [PATCH 06/17] prmem: test cases for memory protection
   1  [PATCH 05/17] prmem: shorthands for write rare on common types
   1  [PATCH 04/17] prmem: dynamic allocation
   1  [PATCH 03/17] prmem: vmalloc support for dynamic allocation
   1  [PATCH 02/17] prmem: write rare for static allocation
   1  [PATCH 01/17] prmem: linker section for static write rare
   1  Re: [PATCH 14/17] prmem: llist, hlist, both plain and rcu
   1  Re: [PATCH 13/17] prmem: linked list: disable layout randomization
   1  Re: [PATCH 08/17] prmem: struct page: track vmap_area
   1  Re: Redoing eXclusive Page Frame Ownership (XPFO) with isolated CPUs


0_linux-kernel/
=============
   6  Re: [PATCH v2] sched/core: Don't mix isolcpus and housekeeping CPUs
   5  Re: [PATCH RFC] x86: Don't include '-Wa,-' when building with Clang
   3  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/5] x86: dynamic indirect call promotion
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 2/2] sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
   2  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of Conduct: Fix some wording, and add an interpretation document
   1  [v3 00/12] x86: Enable FSGSBASE instructions
   1  [PATCH] sched/core: Don't mix isolcpus and housekeeping CPUs
   1  [PATCH] init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from kernel line 
   1  [PATCH] V2 init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from kernel line 
   1  [PATCH] Documentation/x86: fix typo in zero_page.txt
   1  [PATCH v2] sched/core: Don't mix isolcpus and housekeeping CPUs
   1  [PATCH 2/2] perf/x86/intel: Fix missing physical address in large PEBS
   1  [PATCH 1/2] perf: Add munmap callback
   1  [LKP] [null_blk]  e50b1e327a: blktests.block.022.fail
   1  [LKP] [bpf] fd978bf7fd: will-it-scale.per_process_ops -4.0%
   1  [LKP] [bpf]  fd978bf7fd:  will-it-scale.per_process_ops -4.0%
   1  [GIT PULL] XArray for 4.20
   1  Re: perf overlapping maps...
   1  Re: [PATCH] sched: Make sched_feat(x) boolean for !CONFIG_SCHED_DEBUG
   1  Re: [PATCH] sched/numa: fix choosing isolated CPUs when
   1  Re: [PATCH] init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from kernel
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/10] tools: Various build flags fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/10] steal tasks to improve CPU utilization
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] x86/mm/tlb: make lazy TLB mode even lazier
   1  Re: [LKP] [lkp-robot] [sched/fair] d519329f72: unixbench.score -9.9%
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of Conduct:
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] XArray for 4.20
   1  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..
   1  Kernel Build error with gcc 9
   1  KASAN: use-after-free Read in do_exit


1_BRUCE_PERENS/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Bruce Perens - inconsistent statements regarding


ANDROID_ION_Laura_Abbott/
=============
   1  Re: Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of Conduct: Fix some wording,


Adrian_Hunter/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH V2 17/19] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py:
   2  Re: [PATCH V2 17/19] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Add
   2  RE: [PATCH V2 17/19] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py:
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 17/19] perf scripts python: exported-sql-


Alasdair_Kergon/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC] dm-bow working prototype


Alexander_Shishkin/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 08/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT context switch for each vcpu


Alexandre_Belloni/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] pinctrl: pinctrl-at91-pio4: simplify getting


Anatolij_Gustschin/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] fpga: altera_cvp: restrict registration to CvP enabled


Andy_Gross/
=============
   1  Re: [GIT] Networking


Andy_Shevchenko/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] leds: upboard: Add LED support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/3] UP Squared board drivers


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 21/21] csky: support dword access for get_user_size()
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 5/6] usb: ehci: Add new EHCI driver for Broadcom STB SoC's
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 4/6] usb: ohci-platform: Add support for Broadcom STB SoC's


Balbir_Singh/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] mm: introduce page->dma_pinned_flags, _count


Bartosz_Golaszewski/
=============
   1  [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: add myself as co-maintainer of gpiolib


Boaz_Harrosh/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH v2 05/10] exofs: use common file type conversion


Bob_Peterson/
=============
   1  GFS2: Pull request (merge window)


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/9] mtd: nand: atmel: fix OF child-node lookup


Boris_Ostrovsky/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only when pages are


Brendan_Higgins/
=============
   1  [RFC v2 14/14] MAINTAINERS: add entry for KUnit the unit testing framework
   1  [RFC v2 13/14] Documentation: kunit: add documentation for KUnit
   1  [RFC v2 12/14] kunit.py: improve output from python wrapper
   1  [RFC v2 11/14] kunit: add KUnit wrapper script and simple output parser
   1  [RFC v2 10/14] kunit: add Python libraries for handing KUnit config
   1  [RFC v2 09/14] kunit: test: add the concept of assertions
   1  [RFC v2 08/14] arch: um: add shim to trap to allow installing a fault
   1  [RFC v2 07/14] kunit: test: add initial tests
   1  [RFC v2 06/14] arch: um: enable running kunit from User Mode Linux
   1  [RFC v2 05/14] kunit: test: add the concept of expectations
   1  [RFC v2 04/14] kunit: test: add test_stream a std::stream like logger
   1  [RFC v2 03/14] kunit: test: add string_stream a std::stream like
   1  [RFC v2 02/14] kunit: test: add test resource management API
   1  [RFC v2 01/14] kunit: test: add KUnit test runner core
   1  [RFC v2 00/14] kunit: introduce KUnit, the Linux kernel unit testing framework


Bryan_ODonoghue/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] staging: greybus: loopback.c: do insertion in O(n)


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages, totalhigh_pages and
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] leds: upboard: Add LED support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] rtlwifi: remove set but not used variable


CHROME_Olof_Johansson/
=============
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..


Casey_Schaufler/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH security-next v5 00/30] LSM: Explict ordering


Chao_Yu/
=============
   1  [PATCH] f2fs: fix to be aware discard IO in is_idle()
   1  [PATCH] f2fs: fix to account preflush command for noflush_merge mode
   1  [PATCH] f2fs: clean up f2fs_sb_has_##feature_name
   1  [PATCH v2] f2fs: fix to be aware discard/preflush command in is_idle()
   1  [PATCH 3/3] f2fs: export migration_granularity sysfs entry
   1  [PATCH 2/3] f2fs: support subsectional garbage collection
   1  [PATCH 1/3] f2fs: introduce __is_large_section() for cleanup
   1  Re: [PATCH] f2fs: remove codes of unused wio_mutex
   1  Re: [PATCH] f2fs: only flush the single temp bio cache which owns the
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] f2fs: fix count of seg_freed to make sec_freed correct


Christoph_Hellwig/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V3] block: fix the DISCARD request merge
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] x86/ldt: Unmap PTEs for the slow before freeing LDT


Dan_Williams/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] Allow persistent memory to be used like normal RAM


Daniel_Borkmann/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] bpf: btf: Fix a missing-check bug


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] thermal: qoriq: add multiple sensors support


Dave_Young/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2 v4] add reserved e820 ranges to the kdump kernel e820


David_Howells/
=============
   1  [PATCH 25/25] afs: Probe multiple fileservers simultaneously [ver
   1  [PATCH 24/25] afs: Fix callback handling [ver #2]
   1  [PATCH 23/25] afs: Eliminate the address pointer from the address
   1  [PATCH 22/25] afs: Allow dumping of server cursor on operation
   1  [PATCH 21/25] afs: Implement YFS support in the fs client [ver #2]
   1  [PATCH 20/25] afs: Expand data structure fields to support YFS [ver
   1  [PATCH 19/25] afs: Get the target vnode in afs_rmdir() and get a
   1  [PATCH 18/25] afs: Calc callback expiry in op reply delivery [ver
   1  [PATCH 17/25] afs: Fix FS.FetchStatus delivery from updating wrong
   1  [PATCH 16/25] afs: Implement the YFS cache manager service [ver #2]
   1  [PATCH 15/25] afs: Remove callback details from afs_callback_break
   1  [PATCH 14/25] afs: Commit the status on a new file/dir/symlink [ver
   1  [PATCH 13/25] afs: Increase to 64-bit volume ID and 96-bit vnode ID
   1  [PATCH 12/25] afs: Don't invoke the server to read data beyond EOF
   1  [PATCH 11/25] afs: Add a couple of tracepoints to log I/O errors
   1  [PATCH 10/25] afs: Handle EIO from delivery function [ver #2]
   1  [PATCH 09/25] afs: Fix TTL on VL server and address lists [ver #2]
   1  [PATCH 08/25] afs: Implement VL server rotation [ver #2]
   1  [PATCH 07/25] afs: Improve FS server rotation error handling [ver
   1  [PATCH 06/25] afs: Set up the iov_iter before calling
   1  [PATCH 05/25] afs: Better tracing of protocol errors [ver #2]
   1  [PATCH 04/25] iov_iter: Add I/O discard iterator [ver #2]
   1  [PATCH 03/25] iov_iter: Separate type from direction and use
   1  [PATCH 02/25] iov_iter: Use accessor function [ver #2]
   1  [PATCH 01/25] amd-gpu: Don't undefine READ and WRITE [ver #2]
   1  [PATCH 00/25] AFS development [ver #2]


David_S_Miller/
=============
   2  Re: perf overlapping maps...
   1  [GIT] Sparc
   1  [GIT] Networking
   1  Re: [v2,0/2] net: if_arp: use define instead of hard-coded value
   1  Re: [PATCH] bonding:avoid repeated display of same link status
   1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "be2net: remove desc field from be_eq_obj"
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v2 0/6] net/ncsi: Allow enabling multiple


Dinh_Nguyen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: debug: enable UART1 for socfpga Cyclone5


Dmitry_Osipenko/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mfd: tps6586x: Handle interrupts on suspend
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] soc/tegra: pmc: Drop locking from


Dmitry_Torokhov/
=============
   1  Re: Is Fixes line enough?


Dominik_Brodowski/
=============
   1  [PATCH] cpufreq: intel_pstate: Fix compilation for !CONFIG_ACPI
   1  [PATCH v2] cpufreq: intel_pstate: Fix compilation for !CONFIG_ACPI
   1  Re: [PATCH] cpufreq: intel_pstate: Fix compilation for !CONFIG_ACPI


Eric_Biederman/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in do_exit


Eric_Dumazet/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] Change judgment len position


Fabio_Estevam/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 4/5] spi: lpspi: enable runtime pm for lpspi
   1  Re: [PATCH V1 3/3] ARM: dts: sabreauto: Add flexcan support


Finn_Thain/
=============
   1  [PATCH] NCR5380: Return false instead of NULL


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Add PM runtime support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Make sure data is ready before


H_Peter_Anvin/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH RFC] x86: Don't include '-Wa,-' when building with Clang
   1  Re: [PATCH stable v2 1/2] termios, tty/tty_baudrate.c: fix buffer overrun


Hans_Verkuil/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC] Stateless codecs: how to refer to reference frames


Heikki_Krogerus/
=============
   1  [RFC PATCH 5/5] drivers core: Find device connections also from device graphs
   1  [RFC PATCH 4/5] usb: typec: Find the ports by also matching against the device node
   1  [RFC PATCH 3/5] usb: roles: Find the muxes by also matching against the device node
   1  [RFC PATCH 2/5] usb: typec: mux: Find the muxes by also matching against the device node
   1  [RFC PATCH 1/5] driver core: Add fwnode member to struct device_connection
   1  [RFC PATCH 0/5] Adding graph handling to device connection API


Houlong_Wei/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v26 2/2] soc: mediatek: Add Mediatek CMDQ helper


Hyper-V-linux-driver-devel/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH V2 1/5] Drivers: hv: vmbus: Get rid of unnecessary state


INTEL_MANAGEMENT_ENGINE_Tomas_Winkler/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() refactor error flow.
   1  RE: [PATCH v7 21/21] tpm: use u32 instead of int for PCR index


Ivan_Vecera/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "be2net: remove desc field from be_eq_obj"


Jacek_Anaszewski/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] leds: upboard: Add LED support
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..


Jacopo_Mondi/
=============
   2  Re: i.MX6 MIPI-CSI2 OV5640 Camera testing on Mainline Linux


Jaegeuk_Kim/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] f2fs update for 4.20-rc1


James_E_J_Bottomley/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] first round of SCSI updates for the 4.19+ merge window


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v7 21/21] tpm: use u32 instead of int for PCR index
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 18/21] tpm1: rename tpm1_pcr_read_dev to
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 11/21] tpm: factor out tpm 1.x pm suspend flow into
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 09/21] tpm: factor out tpm1_get_random into
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] [PATCH] KEYS: trusted: fix -Wvarags warning
   1  RE: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() refactor error flow.


Jeff_Layton/
=============
   1  Re: KASAN: slab-out-of-bounds Read in string (2)


Jens_Axboe/
=============
   1  Re: [LKP] [null_blk] e50b1e327a: blktests.block.022.fail
   1  Re: UBSAN: Undefined behaviour in drivers/block/floppy.c:1495:32


Jerome_Brunet/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver
   1  [PATCH] pinctrl: meson: fix pinconf bias disable
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/3] clk: meson: add DT documentation for emmc clock
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/3] clk: meson: add emmc sub clock phase delay driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/6] clk: Remove recursion in clk_core_{prepare,enable}()


Jessica_Yu/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arm64/module: use mod->klp_info section header information
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC v3 0/3] Rlimit for module space


Jiri_Kosina/
=============
   2  Re: Is Fixes line enough?


Johan_Hovold/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/9] of: fix compatible-child-node lookups


Johannes_Berg/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH] Revert "workqueue: re-add lockdep dependencies for
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] wireless: mark expected switch fall-throughs


Johannes_Weiner/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] psi: pressure stall information for CPU, memory, and


John_Stultz/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH v2] scsi: ufs: Fix hynix ufs bug with quirk on hi36xx SoC
   1  Re: TSC to Mono-raw Drift


Jon_Hunter/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] mfd: tps6586x: Handle interrupts on suspend
   2  Re: [PATCH v1] soc/tegra: pmc: Drop locking from


Josh_Poimboeuf/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v12 06/12] livepatch: Simplify API by removing


Josh_Triplett/
=============
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of


Juergen_Gross/
=============
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 18/18] xen_pvh: add support to configure
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 17/18] xen_pvh: support grub-install for
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 16/18] xen_pvh: support building a standalone
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 15/18] grub-module-verifier: Ignore all_video
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 14/18] xen_pvh: add build runes for grub-core
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 13/18] xen: init memory regions for PVH
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 12/18] xen: setup Xen specific data for PVH
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 11/18] xen: get memory map from hypervisor
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 10/18] xen: setup hypercall page for PVH
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 09/18] xen: add PVH boot entry code
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 08/18] xen: add basic hooks for PVH in
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 07/18] xen: add PVH specific defines to
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 06/18] xen: rearrange xen/init.c to prepare
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 05/18] xen: add some dummy headers for PVH
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 04/18] xen: prepare common code for Xen PVH
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 03/18] xen: carve out grant tab
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 02/18] loader/linux: support passing rsdp
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 01/18] xen: add some xen headers
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 00/18] xen: add pvh guest support
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] add myself as reviewer for Xen support in
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 12/18] xen: setup Xen specific data for
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] How to use PV drivers with fully virtualized HVM on
   1  Re: [PATCH] xen: remove redundant 'default n' from Kconfig


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/10] x86: PTE D Bit based dirty logging


Kalle_Valo/
=============
   2  Re: [GIT] Networking


Kees_Cook/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] security: fix documentation for the task_setscheduler hook
   1  Re: [PATCH] security: fix documentation for the socket_getpeersec_dgram
   1  Re: [PATCH] security: fix documentation for the path_chmod hook
   1  Re: [PATCH] security: fix documentation for the audit_* hooks
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages, totalhigh_pages and
   1  Re: [PATCH security-next v5 00/30] LSM: Explict ordering
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/9] security: fix documentation for the


Konrad_Rzeszutek_Wilk/
=============
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only


LEAKING_ADDRESSES_Tycho_Andersen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 14/17] prmem: llist, hlist, both plain and rcu
   1  Re: Redoing eXclusive Page Frame Ownership (XPFO) with isolated CPUs


Lee_Jones/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 08/12] mfd: intel-peci-client: Add PECI client MFD
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 07/12] dt-bindings: mfd: Add a document for PECI
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 02/14] mfd: wcd9335: add support to wcd9335 core


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
   3  Re: [GIT] Networking
   1  Re: [git pull] tty ioctl cleanups and fixes
   1  Re: [GIT] Sparc
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] siginfo updates for 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] security: general updates for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] pstore updates for v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] parisc architecture updates for kernel v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] SELinux patches for v4.20


Lubomir_Rintel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/15] Add support for OLPC XO 1.75 Embedded Controller


Lucas_Stach/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] drm: Add missing flags for pixel clock & data


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
   2  Re: [mm PATCH v3 4/6] mm: Move hot-plug specific memory init into
   2  Re: [kvm PATCH 1/2] mm: export __vmalloc_node_range()
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/2] improve vmalloc allocation
   2  Re: [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages, totalhigh_pages and
   2  Re: [PATCH V3 3/5] mm/hugetlb: Enable arch specific huge page size
   1  Re: [PATCH] hugetlbfs: dirty pages as they are added to pagecache
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 1/7] mm, devm_memremap_pages: Mark
   1  Re: [PATCH V3 1/5] mm/hugetlb: Distinguish between migratability and


Mark_Brown/
=============
   1  [PATCH] spi: uniphier: fix incorrect property items
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 4/8] regulator: stpmic1: add stpmic1 regulator driver
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 4/5] spi: lpspi: enable runtime pm for lpspi
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 3/5] spi: lpspi: Add 8qm/qxp support for lpspi
   1  Applied "spi: uniphier: fix incorrect property items" to the spi tree


Martin_K_Petersen/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC][PATCH v2] scsi: ufs: Fix hynix ufs bug with quirk on hi36xx SoC
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: 3w-{sas,9xxx}: Use unsigned char for cdb
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi/mvsas/mv_sas.c: Use dma_pool_zalloc


Mathieu_Desnoyers/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 14/17] prmem: llist, hlist, both plain and rcu


Matthias_Brugger/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] thermal: bcm2835: enable hwmon explicitly


Michael_Kerrisk/
=============
   1  Re: Cgroup v2 thread mode oddity: "domain invalid" cgroup with


Mike_Kravetz/
=============
   1  [PATCH RFC v2 1/1] hugetlbfs: use i_mmap_rwsem for pmd sharing and truncate/fault sync
   1  [PATCH RFC v2 0/1] hugetlbfs: Use i_mmap_rwsem for pmd share and fault/trunc
   1  Re: [PATCH] hugetlbfs: dirty pages as they are added to pagecache


Miroslav_Benes/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64/module: use mod->klp_info section header


Moritz_Fischer/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] fpga: altera_cvp: restrict registration to CvP enabled


Neil_Armstrong/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] pinctrl: meson: fix pinconf bias disable


Nicolin_Chen/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 5/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Add PM runtime support
   1  [PATCH v2 4/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Make sure data is ready before reading
   1  [PATCH v2 3/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Serialize sysfs ABI accesses
   1  [PATCH v2 2/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Check channel status for alarms attribute read
   1  [PATCH v2 1/5] hwmon: (core) Inherit power properties to hdev
   1  [PATCH v2 0/5] hwmon: (ina3221) Implement PM runtime to save power


Oleg_Nesterov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification


P1_devicetree/
=============
   2  [PATCH anybus v1 3/4] bus: support HMS Anybus-S bus.
   2  [PATCH anybus v1 1/4] mfd: support the Arcx anybus bridge.
   1  [PATCH] arm: dts: socfpga*.dts*: use SPDX-License-Identifier
   1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: Add device node for Mali-400 GPU
   1  [PATCH v3 4/4] nds32: Add document for NDS32 PMU.
   1  [PATCH v3 3/4] nds32: Add perf call-graph support.
   1  [PATCH v3 2/4] nds32: Perf porting
   1  [PATCH v3 1/4] nds32: Fix bug in bitfield.h
   1  [PATCH v3 0/4] nds32: Perf Support
   1  [PATCH anybus v1 4/4] misc: support HMS Profinet IRT industrial controller.
   1  [PATCH anybus v1 2/4] dt-bindings: anybus-bridge: document devicetree binding.
   1  [PATCH anybus v1 0/4] Support HMS Profinet Card over Anybus
   1  [PATCH V1] ARM: dts: sabreauto: Remove reg property from fixed
   1  [PATCH V1 3/3] ARM: dts: sabreauto: Add flexcan support
   1  [PATCH V1 2/3] ARM: dts: imx6sx-sabreauto: Add flexcan support
   1  [PATCH V1 1/3] ARM: dts: imx6sx-sdb: Add flexcan support
   1  [PATCH V1 0/3] Add flexcan support
   1  [PATCH 4/4] nds32: Add document for NDS32 PMU.
   1  [PATCH 3/4] nds32: Add perf call-graph support.
   1  [PATCH 2/4] nds32: Perf porting
   1  [PATCH 1/4] nds32: Fix bug in bitfield.h
   1  [PATCH 0/4] nds32: Perf Support
   1  Re: [linux-sunxi] Re: [PATCH] arm64: defconfig: Enable MFD_AXP20X_I2C
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/9] of: fix compatible-child-node lookups
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 4/4] misc: support HMS Profinet IRT industrial


P1_kvm/
=============
   2  [Bug 201485] kvm_amd won't load since bios upgrade
   2  Re: [kvm PATCH 2/2] kvm: vmx: use vmalloc() to allocate vcpus
   2  Re: [kvm PATCH 1/2] mm: export __vmalloc_node_range()
   2  Re: [PATCH] KVM/nVMX: Remove uneeded forward jump in
   1  [kvm PATCH v2 1/1] kvm: vmx: use vmalloc() to allocate vcpus
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH V5 1/4] kvm: remove redundant reserved
   1  [PATCH v4] kvm: x86: Disallow invalid exceptions from userspace
   1  [PATCH v4] kvm: x86: Bounds-check argument to x86_exception_has_error_code
   1  [PATCH v13 12/12] KVM: x86: Disable Intel PT when VMXON in L1 guest
   1  [PATCH v13 11/12] KVM: x86: Set intercept for Intel PT MSRs read/write
   1  [PATCH v13 10/12] KVM: x86: Implement Intel PT MSRs read/write emulation
   1  [PATCH v13 09/12] KVM: x86: Introduce a function to initialize the PT configuration
   1  [PATCH v13 08/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT context switch for each vcpu
   1  [PATCH v13 07/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel Processor Trace cpuid emulation
   1  [PATCH v13 06/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT virtualization work mode
   1  [PATCH v13 05/12] perf/x86/intel/pt: add new capability for Intel PT
   1  [PATCH v13 04/12] perf/x86/intel/pt: Add new bit definitions for PT MSRs
   1  [PATCH v13 03/12] perf/x86/intel/pt: Introduce intel_pt_validate_cap()
   1  [PATCH v13 02/12] perf/x86/intel/pt: Export pt_cap_get()
   1  [PATCH v13 01/12] perf/x86/intel/pt: Move Intel PT MSRs bit defines to global header
   1  [PATCH v13 00/12] Intel Processor Trace virtualization enabling
   1  [PATCH RESEND V8 2/2] ksm: replace jhash2 with xxhash
   1  [PATCH RESEND V8 1/2] xxHash: create arch dependent 32/64-bit xxhash()
   1  [PATCH RESEND V8 0/2] Currently used jhash are slow enough and replace it allow as to make KSM
   1  [PATCH 4/4] kvm, vmx: remove manually coded vmx instructions
   1  [PATCH 3/4] kvm, vmx: fix __invvpid style
   1  [PATCH 2/4] kvm, vmx: move register clearing out of assembly path
   1  [PATCH 1/4] kvm, vmx: move CR2 context switch out of assembly path
   1  Re: [kvm PATCH 0/2] kvm: vmalloc vmx vcpus
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] kvm: x86: Disallow invalid exceptions from userspace
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/10] x86: PTE D Bit based dirty logging
   1  BUG: unable to handle kernel paging request in mmu_page_zap_pte


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/2] improve vmalloc allocation
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] x86/mm: Move LDT remap out of KASLR region on
   1  [RFC PATCH] mm: don't reclaim inodes with many attached pages
   1  [PATCHv2 2/2] x86/ldt: Unmap PTEs for the slot before freeing LDT pages
   1  [PATCHv2 1/2] x86/mm: Move LDT remap out of KASLR region on 5-level paging
   1  [PATCHv2 0/2] Fix couple of issues with LDT remap for PTI
   1  [PATCH] Fix alignment bug
   1  [PATCH 2/2] x86/ldt: Unmap PTEs for the slow before freeing LDT
   1  [PATCH 1/2] x86/mm: Move LDT remap out of KASLR region on 5-level paging
   1  [PATCH 0/2] Fix couple of issues with LDT remap for PTI
   1  Re: [PATCHv2 1/2] x86/mm: Move LDT remap out of KASLR region on
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages, totalhigh_pages and
   1  Re: [PATCH -V6 00/21] swap: Swapout/swapin THP in one piece


P1_netdev/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] bonding:avoid repeated display of same link status change
   1  [QUESTION] AF_UNIX connect behavior when listener backlog=0
   1  [PATCH] Change judgment len position
   1  [PATCH v2] bpf: btf: Fix a missing-check bug
   1  [LKP] [tcp] a337531b94: netperf.Throughput_Mbps -6.1% regression
   1  [LKP] [tcp]  a337531b94:  netperf.Throughput_Mbps -6.1% regression
   1  Re: [v2,0/2] net: if_arp: use define instead of hard-coded value
   1  Re: [PATCH] bpf: btf: Fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: [PATCH] Change judgment len position
   1  Re: [LKP] [tcp] a337531b94: netperf.Throughput_Mbps -6.1% regression


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
   6  Re: [PATCH V2 17/19] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py:
   2  Re: perf overlapping maps...


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] rcu: Benefit from expedited grace period in __wait_rcu_gp


Pavel_Machek/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 2/7] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Modify dt bindings for the
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 1/7] leds: add TI LMU backlight driver
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] leds: upboard: Add LED support
   2  Re: [PATCH v15 1/2] leds: core: Introduce LED pattern trigger
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/1] nds32: Power management for nds32
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 5/7] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Modify dt bindings for the
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/9] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Remove LM3697


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] sched/core: Don't mix isolcpus and housekeeping CPUs
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] psi: pressure stall information for CPU, memory, and


Petr_Mladek/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] printk for 4.20
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 02/12] livepatch: Helper macros to define livepatch
   1  Re: [PATCH v12 06/12] livepatch: Simplify API by removing


Ping-Ke_Shih/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] rtlwifi: remove set but not used variable 'radiob_array_table' and 'radiob_arraylen'


Rob_Clark/
=============
   1  [PATCH] drm/msm/gpu: add submit flag to hint which buffers should be dumped


Rob_Herring/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 2/7] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Modify dt bindings for the
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 04/11] dt-bindings: iio: adc: add AXP803 ADC bindings
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 03/11] dt-bindings: gpio: gpio-axp209: add AXP803 GPIO
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 02/11] dt-bindings: power: supply: axp20x: add AXP803
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 5/7] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Modify dt bindings for the


Russell_King/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] i2c: cadence: Implement timeout
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/7] include: add
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/8] arm: convert to generic builtin command line
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/8] add generic builtin command line


Sagi_Grimberg/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "workqueue: re-add lockdep dependencies for


Salil_Mehta/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH net-next 6/7] net: hns3: Add enable and process hw
   2  RE: [PATCH net-next 6/7] net: hns3: Add enable and process hw
   1  [PATCH net-next] net: hns3: Fix for warning uninitialized symbol hw_err_lst3


Samuel_Mendoza-Jonas/
=============
   1  [PATCH net-next v2 6/6] net/ncsi: Configure multi-package, multi-channel modes with failover
   1  [PATCH net-next v2 5/6] net/ncsi: Reset channel state in ncsi_start_dev()
   1  [PATCH net-next v2 4/6] net/ncsi: Don't mark configured channels inactive
   1  [PATCH net-next v2 3/6] net/ncsi: Don't deselect package in suspend if active
   1  [PATCH net-next v2 2/6] net/ncsi: Probe single packages to avoid conflict
   1  [PATCH net-next v2 1/6] net/ncsi: Don't enable all channels when HWA available
   1  [PATCH net-next v2 0/6] net/ncsi: Allow enabling multiple packages & channels


Samuel_Thibault/
=============
   1  staging/speakup_soft: Fix alternate speech with other synths


Santosh_Shilimkar/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 00/10] Add support for TISCI irqchip drivers


Shuah_Khan/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/2] improve vmalloc allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/10] tools: Various build flags fixes


Srinivas_Kandagatla/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 02/14] mfd: wcd9335: add support to wcd9335 core


Srinivas_Pandruvada/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] cpufreq: intel_pstate: Fix compilation for !CONFIG_ACPI
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] cpufreq: intel_pstate: Fix compilation for


Stefano_Stabellini/
=============
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3] devicetree, xen: add xen,


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/4] clk: sunxi-ng: Enable DE2_CCU for SUN8I and SUN50I
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 12/15] clk: sunxi-ng: a64: Add min and max rate for PLL_MIPI
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 03/15] clk: sunxi-ng: Add check for maximum rate to NKM PLLs
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 02/15] clk: sunxi-ng: Add check for minimal rate to NKM PLLs
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 01/15] clk: sunxi-ng: a64: Fix gate bit of DSI DPHY
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/6] clk: Remove recursion in clk_core_{prepare,enable}()


Stephen_Hemminger/
=============
   1  [ANNOUNCE] iproute2 4.19


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
   1  [PATCH v5] printk: Add line-buffered printk() API.


Tejun_Heo/
=============
   1  Re: possible deadlock in flush_workqueue (2)
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] cgroup, netclassid: add a preemption point to
   1  Re: [PATCH] rdmacg: fix a typo in rdmacg documentation


Theodore_Tso/
=============
   2  Re: in_compat_syscall() returns from kernel thread for X86_32.
   1  [GIT PULL] ext4 updates for 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH v3 01/10] fs: common implementation of file type
   1  Re: Is Fixes line enough?


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
   1  [GIT pull] timekeeping upates for 4.20
   1  [GIT pull] irq updates for 4.20


Ulf_Hansson/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: sdhci: Convert sdhci_allocate_bounce_buffer() to
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: atmel-mci: do not assume idle after atmci_request_end
   1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "mmc: mxs: fix card detection in case of
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/1] mmc: dw_mmc-bluefield: simplify the probe() function


Uwe_Kleine-König/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: debug: enable UART1 for socfpga Cyclone5


VFS_Alexander_Viro/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH v3 01/10] fs: common implementation of file type
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/34] teach move_mount(2) to work with OPEN_TREE_CLONE


Viresh_Kumar/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 01/17] OPP: Allow to request stub voltage
   1  Re: [PATCH] thermal: add ratelimited thermal and power logging


Wei_Liu/
=============
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/efi: Do not insert timestamps in efi
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 3/5] tools/dombuilder: Initialise vcpu
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v1] x86/hvm: Clean up may_defer from hvm_*


Wolfgang_Grandegger/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/3] M_CAN Framework rework


alsa-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [GIT PULL] Additional firmware files for CA0132 HD-audio codec
   1  KASAN: use-after-free Read in snd_seq_timer_interrupt


ath10k/
=============
   1  Re: [GIT] Networking


cgroups/
=============
   1  [PATCH] rdmacg: fix a typo in rdmacg documentation
   1  RE: [PATCH] rdmacg: fix a typo in rdmacg documentation


cocci/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 7/7] net: stmmac: dwmac-meson8b: use xxxsetbits_le32
   1  [PATCH v3 6/7] drm: meson: use xxxsetbits_le32
   1  [PATCH v3 5/7] net: ethernet: stmmac: dwmac-sun8i: use xxxsetbits_le32
   1  [PATCH v3 4/7] ata: ahci_sunxi: use xxxsetbitsi_le32 functions
   1  [PATCH v3 3/7 DONOTMERGE] coccinelle: add xxxsetbits_leXX converting spatch
   1  [PATCH v3 2/7] include: add setbits_leXX/clrbits_leXX/clrsetbits_leXX in linux/setbits.h
   1  [PATCH v3 1/7] powerpc: rename setbits32/clrbits32 to setbits_be32/clrbits_be32
   1  [PATCH v3 0/7] include: add setbits32/clrbits32/clrsetbits32/setbits64/clrbits64/clrsetbits64
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/7] ata: ahci_sunxi: use xxxsetbitsi_le32 functions


containers/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 03/10] audit: log container info


coreteam/
=============
   1  [PATCH] netfilter: bridge: define INT_MIN & INT_MAX in userspace


dri-devel/
=============
   1  [RESEND PATCH v2 0/2] Check MST topology change on resume
   1  [RESEND PATCH 2/2] ARM: dts: opos6uldev: use OF graph to describe the display
   1  [RESEND PATCH 1/2] drm/panel: Add support for Armadeus ST0700 Adapt
   1  Re: [RFC v2 00/14] kunit: introduce KUnit, the Linux kernel unit
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] drm: add drm_connector_attach_edid_property()
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 03/15] clk: sunxi-ng: Add check for maximum rate to NKM PLLs
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] drm: Add missing flags for pixel clock & data
   1  Re: [Intel-gfx] [RESEND PATCH v2 0/2] Check MST topology change on


embeddedor_com/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] wireless: mark expected switch fall-throughs


fs_notify_Amir_Goldstein/
=============
   5  Re: [RFC][PATCH v3 01/10] fs: common implementation of file type
   2  Re: [RFC][PATCH v2 04/10] ext2: use common file type conversion
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH 00/11] common implementation of dirent file types
   1  Re: KASAN: slab-out-of-bounds Read in string (2)


iommu/
=============
   1  [PATCH 3/3] iommu/tegra194_smmu: Add Tegra194 SMMU driver
   1  [PATCH 2/3] iommu/arm-smmu: Prepare fault, probe, sync functions for sharing code
   1  [PATCH 1/3] iommu/arm-smmu: rearrange arm-smmu.c code
   1  [PATCH 0/3] Add Tegra194 Dual ARM SMMU driver
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] iommu/tegra194_smmu: Add Tegra194 SMMU driver


kbuild-all/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] sched/core: Don't mix isolcpus and housekeeping CPUs
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next 6/7] net: hns3: Add enable and process hw errors


kexec/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86/quirks: Scan all busses for early PCI quirks


kvm-arm/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: debug: enable UART1 for socfpga Cyclone5
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 11/17] arm64: docs: document pointer authentication
   1  Re: [PATCH V12 00/14] Krait clocks + Krait CPUfreq
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/8] add generic builtin command line


linux-acpi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: sdhci-pci: Try "cd" for card-detect lookup before


linux-alpha/
=============
   1  vmlinux ld relocation errors on Alpha


linux-amlogic/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/3] clk: meson: add emmc sub clock phase delay driver


linux-arch/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  [PATCH v3] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  [PATCH v2 1/1] nds32: Power management for nds32
   1  [PATCH v2 0/1] nds32: Power management


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mmc: sdhci: Convert sdhci_allocate_bounce_buffer() to return void
   1  [PATCH] mmc: sdhci: Conver sdhci_allocate_bounce_buffer() to return void


linux-block/
=============
   2  Re: UBSAN: Undefined behaviour in drivers/block/floppy.c:1495:32
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH] blk-mq: ensure hctx to be ran on mapped cpu
   1  [PATCH V3] block: fix the DISCARD request merge


linux-bluetooth/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] Bluetooth: hci_qca: Add support for controller debug


linux-btrfs/
=============
   1  [RFC][PATCH v2 10/10] btrfs: use common file type conversion
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH v2 10/10] btrfs: use common file type conversion


linux-can/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/3] M_CAN Framework rework
   1  [PATCH] can: usb: Remove some duplicated includes from ucan.c


linux-cifs/
=============
   1  NULL pointer dereference in SMB2_close_free() with v4.19


linux-clk/
=============
   1  [PATCH 6/6] clk: rockchip: use pre_rate_req for cpuclk
   1  [PATCH 5/6] docs: driver-api: add pre_rate_req to clk documentation
   1  [PATCH 4/6] clk: add pre clk changes support
   1  [PATCH 3/6] clk: change rates via list iteration
   1  [PATCH 3/3 v2] clk: qoriq: update clock driver
   1  [PATCH 2/6] clk: fix clk_calc_subtree compute duplications
   1  [PATCH 2/3 v2] clk: qoriq: remove legacy bindings and add more compatibles
   1  [PATCH 1/6] clk: Remove recursion in clk_core_{prepare,enable}()
   1  [PATCH 1/3 v2] powerpc/fsl: Use new clockgen binding
   1  [PATCH 0/6] Coordinated Clks
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/6] clk: rockchip: use pre_rate_req for cpuclk


linux-crypto/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 3/3] crypto: qce: ice: Add support for Inline Crypto
   1  [PATCH v3 3/3] crypto: streebog - add Streebog test vectors
   1  [PATCH v3 2/3] crypto: streebog - register Streebog in hash info for IMA
   1  [PATCH v3 1/3] crypto: streebog - add Streebog hash function
   1  [PATCH v3 0/3] crypto: streebog - add Streebog hash function


linux-doc/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] Documentation/proc.txt: Add 2 missing fields for /proc/<pid>/status


linux-efi/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] efi/libstub: Disable some warnings for x86{,_64}
   1  [PATCH] efi: Fix debugobjects warning on efi_rts_work
   1  RE: [PATCH] efi: Fix debugobjects warning on efi_rts_work


linux-ext4/
=============
   1  [RFC][PATCH v2 04/10] ext2: use common file type conversion


linux-f2fs-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] f2fs: remove codes of unused wio_mutex
   1  [PATCH] f2fs: only flush the single temp bio cache which owns the target page
   1  [PATCH] f2fs: change segment to section in f2fs_ioc_gc_range
   1  [PATCH v2] f2fs: only flush the single temp bio cache which owns the target page
   1  [PATCH v2] f2fs: fix count of seg_freed to make sec_freed correct
   1  Re: [PATCH] f2fs: avoid GC causing encrypted file corrupted


linux-fpga/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] zynq-fpga: Only route PR via PCAP when required
   1  RE: [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: fpga: Add bindings for ZynqMP fpga
   1  RE: [PATCH 0/3] Add Bitstream configuration support for ZynqMP
   1  AW: [PATCH] fpga: altera_cvp: restrict registration to CvP enabled


linux-fsdevel/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC][PATCH v3 01/10] fs: common implementation of file type
   1  [RFC][PATCH v3 01/10] fs: common implementation of file type
   1  [RFC][PATCH v2 09/10] nilfs2: use common file type conversion
   1  [RFC][PATCH v2 08/10] f2fs: use common file type conversion
   1  [RFC][PATCH v2 07/10] ocfs2: use common file type conversion
   1  [RFC][PATCH v2 06/10] ext4: use common file type conversion
   1  [RFC][PATCH v2 05/10] exofs: use common file type conversion
   1  [RFC][PATCH v2 04/10] ext2: use common file type conversion
   1  [RFC][PATCH 03/10] hfsplus: use fs_umode_to_dtype() helper
   1  [RFC][PATCH 02/10] ufs: use fs_umode_to_dtype() helper
   1  [RFC][PATCH 00/11] common implementation of dirent file types
   1  [PATCH 9/9] VFS: locks: remove unnecessary white space.
   1  [PATCH 8/9] locks: merge posix_unblock_lock() and
   1  [PATCH 7/9] fs/locks: create a tree of dependent requests.
   1  [PATCH 6/9] fs/locks: change all *_conflict() functions to return
   1  [PATCH 5/9] fs/locks: always delete_block after waiting.
   1  [PATCH 4/9] fs/locks: allow a lock request to block other requests.
   1  [PATCH 3/9] NFS: use locks_copy_lock() to copy locks.
   1  [PATCH 2/9] fs/locks: split out __locks_wake_up_blocks().
   1  [PATCH 1/9] fs/locks: rename some lists and pointers.
   1  [PATCH 0/9 v3] locks: avoid thundering-herd wake-ups
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH 03/10] hfsplus: use fs_umode_to_dtype() helper


linux-gpio/
=============
   1  [PATCH] gpiolib: fix possible use after free on label
   1  [PATCH 5/5] arm64: dts: hisilicon: hikey970: Add GPIO line names
   1  [PATCH 4/5] arm64: boot: dts: hisilicon: hikey970: Enable on-board UARTs
   1  [PATCH 3/5] arm64: dts: hisilicon: hi3670: Add UART nodes
   1  [PATCH 2/5] arm64: dts: hisilicon: hi3760: Add GPIO controller support
   1  [PATCH 1/5] arm64: dts: hisilicon: Add Pinctrl support for HiKey970 board
   1  [PATCH 0/5] Add Pinctrl and GPIO support for HI3670 SoC


linux-i2c/
=============
   1  [v5] i2c: Add PCI and platform drivers for the AMD MP2 I2C controller
   1  [v4] i2c: Add PCI and platform drivers for the AMD MP2 I2C controller
   1  [SPAM] Re: [v4] i2c: Add PCI and platform drivers for the
   1  [PATCH] i2c: cadence: Implement timeout
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] i2c:ocores: add polling interface
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] i2c:ocores: stop transfer on timeout


linux-iio/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  [PATCH v5 11/11] mfd: axp20x: Add supported cells for AXP803
   1  [PATCH v5 10/11] mfd: axp20x: Add AC power supply cell for AXP813
   1  [PATCH v5 09/11] power: supply: add AC power supply driver for AXP813
   1  [PATCH v5 08/11] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: pinebook: enable power supplies
   1  [PATCH v5 07/11] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: sopine-baseboard: enable power supplies
   1  [PATCH v5 06/11] arm64: dts: allwinner: axp803: add AC and battery power supplies
   1  [PATCH v5 05/11] ARM: dts: axp81x: add AC power supply subnode
   1  [PATCH v5 04/11] dt-bindings: iio: adc: add AXP803 ADC bindings
   1  [PATCH v5 03/11] dt-bindings: gpio: gpio-axp209: add AXP803 GPIO bindings
   1  [PATCH v5 02/11] dt-bindings: power: supply: axp20x: add AXP803 power bindings
   1  [PATCH v5 01/11] dt-bindings: power: supply: axp20x: add AXP813 AC power DT binding
   1  [PATCH v5 00/11] AXP8x3 AC and battery power supply support
   1  [PATCH v4] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  [PATCH v3] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor


linux-kbuild/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2 3/5] Creates macro to avoid variable shadowing
   1  [PATCH] modpost: validate symbol names also in find_elf_symbol
   1  [PATCH v3 5/5] Adds -Wshadow on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS
   1  [PATCH v3 4/5] modpost: Changes parameter name to avoid shadowing.
   1  [PATCH v3 3/5] Creates macro to avoid variable shadowing
   1  [PATCH v3 2/5] kbuild: Removes unnecessary shadowed local variable.
   1  [PATCH v3 1/5] x86/vdso: Renames variable to fix shadow warning.
   1  [PATCH v3 0/5] Adds -Wshadow on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS and fix warnings
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/5] x86/vdso: Renames variable to fix shadow warning.


linux-leds/
=============
   1  [PATCH v4 1/7] leds: add TI LMU backlight driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/7] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Modify dt bindings for the
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/7] leds: add TI LMU backlight driver


linux-media/
=============
   7  Re: i.MX6 MIPI-CSI2 OV5640 Camera testing on Mainline Linux
   2  Re: [RFC] Stateless codecs: how to refer to reference frames
   1  [PATCH v2] media: venus: add support for key frame
   1  Re: [PATCH] media: venus: add support for key frame
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] media: venus: add support for key frame


linux-mmc/
=============
   1  [PATCH] Revert "mmc: mxs: fix card detection in case of 'broken-cd' flag set"


linux-nvdimm/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/9] Allow persistent memory to be used like normal RAM
   1  RE: [PATCH 0/9] Allow persistent memory to be used like normal RAM


linux-omap/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH net-next 3/4] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: fix vlan mcast


linux-pci/
=============
   2  Re: HH DL585 warm boot fail (old)
   1  [GIT PULL] PCI changes for v4.20
   1  Re: HP DL585 warm boot fail (old)


linux-perf-users/
=============
   1  Re: Broken dwarf unwinding - wrong stack pointer register value?


linux-pm/
=============
   1  [PATCH] thermal: imx: fix for dependency on cpu-freq
   1  [PATCH 1/1] nds32: Power management for nds32
   1  [PATCH 0/1] nds32: Power management
   1  Re: [PATCH] thermal: qoriq: add multiple sensors support
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] nds32: Power management for nds32
   1  RE: [PATCH] thermal: qoriq: add multiple sensors support


linux-remoteproc/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v4 13/17] remoteproc: create vdev subdevice with specific
   3  Re: [PATCH v4 13/17] remoteproc: create vdev subdevice with
   3  Re: [PATCH v4 12/17] remoteproc: modify vring allocation to rely on
   3  Re: [PATCH v4 02/17] remoteproc: add rproc_va_to_pa function
   3  Re: [PATCH v4 01/17] remoteproc: configure IOMMU only if device
   3  Re: [PATCH v2 05/16] remoteproc: modify rproc_handle_carveout to
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 03/17] remoteproc: add release ops in rproc_mem_entry
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 08/13] remoteproc: add prepare and unprepare ops
   2  RE: [PATCH v4 02/17] remoteproc: add rproc_va_to_pa function
   1  [SPAM] RE: [PATCH v4 13/17] remoteproc: create vdev
   1  [SPAM] RE: [PATCH v4 01/17] remoteproc: configure IOMMU only
   1  [PATCH] rpmsg: virtio_rpmsg_bus: replace "%p" with "%pK"
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 16/17] remoteproc: st: add reserved memory support
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 15/17] remoteproc: da8xx: declare reserved memory
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 10/17] remoteproc: add helper function to check
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 08/17] remoteproc: add alloc ops in rproc_mem_entry
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 07/17] remoteproc: introduce
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 06/17] remoteproc: introduce rproc_add_carveout
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 05/17] remoteproc: add helper function to allocate and
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 04/17] remoteproc: add name in rproc_mem_entry struct
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 00/17] remoteproc: add fixed memory region support
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 16/17] remoteproc: st: add reserved memory support
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 15/17] remoteproc: da8xx: declare reserved memory
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 13/17] remoteproc: create vdev subdevice with specific
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 12/17] remoteproc: modify vring allocation to rely on
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 10/17] remoteproc: add helper function to check
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 06/17] remoteproc: introduce rproc_add_carveout
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 01/17] remoteproc: configure IOMMU only if device
   1  RE: [PATCH v2 05/16] remoteproc: modify rproc_handle_carveout to


linux-rt-users/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 10/15] tracing: Add hist trigger snapshot() action
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 07/15] tracing: Move hist trigger key printing into a
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 01/15] tracing: Refactor hist trigger action code
   1  Re: TSC to Mono-raw Drift


linux-s390/
=============
   2  [PATCH] s390/fault: use wake_up_klogd() in bust_spinlocks()
   1  Re: [PATCH] s390/fault: use wake_up_klogd() in bust_spinlocks()


linux-scsi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi/pmcraid.c: Use dma_pool_zalloc


linux-serial/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] dt-bindings: serial: add documentation for the


linux-snps-arc/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] clocksource/drivers/arc_timer: Utilize generic


linux-soc/
=============
   1  [PATCH RESEND] drivers: qcom: rpmh: avoid sending sleep/wake sets immediately
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: sdm845: Add PSCI cpuidle low power states
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/5] dt-bindings: phy-qcom-qmp: Fix register underspecification
   1  Re: [PATCH RESEND] drivers: qcom: rpmh: avoid sending sleep/wake sets immediately


linux-spi/
=============
   2  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 4/5] spi: lpspi: enable runtime pm for
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH V2 5/5] spi: lpspi: CLK pin becomes low when
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 2/5] spi: lpspi: Improve the stability of
   1  [PATCH] spi: dw: fix buffer end address
   1  [PATCH V2 4/5] spi: lpspi: enable runtime pm for lpspi
   1  [PATCH V2 3/5] spi: lpspi: Add 8qm/qxp support for lpspi
   1  [PATCH V2 2/5] spi: lpspi: Improve the stability of lpspi data
   1  [PATCH V2 1/5] spi: lpspi: Add slave mode support for imx7ulp
   1  [PATCH 5/5] spi: lpspi: CLK pin becomes low when CR_RST=1
   1  [PATCH 4/5] spi: lpspi: enable runtime pm for lpspi
   1  [PATCH 3/5] spi: lpspi: Add 8qm/qxp support for lpspi
   1  [PATCH 2/5] spi: lpspi: Improve the stability of lpspi data
   1  [PATCH 1/5] spi: lpspi: Add slave mode support for imx7ulp
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] spi: spi-qcom-qspi: Fix remaining driver nits


linux-tip-commits/
=============
   1  Re: in_compat_syscall() returns from kernel thread for X86_32.


linux-unionfs/
=============
   1  Re: KASAN: slab-out-of-bounds Read in string (2)


linux-usb/
=============
   1  [PATCH 4/4 v5] memstick: rtsx_usb_ms: Support runtime power management
   1  [PATCH 3/4 v5] memstick: rtsx_usb_ms: Use ms_dev() helper
   1  [PATCH 2/4 v5] memstick: Prevent memstick host from getting runtime suspended during card detection
   1  [PATCH 1/4 v5] misc: rtsx_usb: Use USB remote wakeup signaling for card insertion detection
   1  [PATCH 0/4 v5] Keep rtsx_usb suspended when there's no card
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/5] driver core: Add fwnode member to struct


linux-watchdog/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 4/8] regulator: stpmic1: add stpmic1 regulator driver


linux-wireless/
=============
   1  [PATCHv3] rtlwifi: rtl8723ae: Remove set but not used variables and #defines
   1  [PATCH] rtlwifi: Remove same duplicated includes
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] rtlwifi: remove set but not used variable 'radiob_array_table'


linux-xfs/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] xfs: 4.20 merge


live-patching/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64/module: use mod->klp_info section header


ocfs2-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] ocfs2: dlmfs: remove set but not used variable 'status'


openbmc/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v2 1/6] net/ncsi: Don't enable all channels when


osuosl-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] staging: axis-fifo: Fix line over 80 characters error
   1  [PATCH v2] staging: vboxvideo: Remove unnecessary parentheses
   1  [PATCH v2] staging: greybus: loopback.c: remove unused lists
   1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH v2] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] staging: greybus: loopback.c: do insertion in O(n)


platform-driver-x86/
=============
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 4/4] pvpanic: add document for pvpanic-mmio DT
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 3/4] pvpanic: add access to pvpanic device
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 2/4] pvpanic: add pvpanic support for arm64
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH 1/4] pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as common
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 4/4] misc/pvpanic : pvpanic: add document for
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 3/4] misc/pvpanic: add support to pvpanic device
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 2/4] misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 1/4] misc/pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as common driver


sparclinux/
=============
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v3 4/6] mm: Move hot-plug specific memory init into


xen-devel/
=============
   4  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 0/6] Allow setting up shared memory areas
   4  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/boot: enable NMIs after traps init
   4  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/4] xen/arm: gic: Relax barrier when
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 4/8] libxl: support unmapping static
   2  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/efi: Do not insert timestamps in efi files
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/efi: Do not insert timestamps in efi
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 0/8] Allow setting up shared memory areas
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/4] xen/arm: gic: Ensure we have an ISB
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 01/22] xen/arm: traps: Constify
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 128951: tolerable all pass -
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 128950: trouble: broken/pass
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 128947: tolerable all pass -
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-coverity test] 128958: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 128922: regressions - trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [qemu-mainline test] 128933: tolerable FAIL - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [qemu-mainline baseline-only test] 75491: trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 128956: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 128954: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 128953: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 128952: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75490: trouble: blocked/broken
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75486: trouble: blocked/broken
   1  [Xen-devel] [linux-next test] 128929: regressions - FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [linux-4.9 test] 128925: tolerable FAIL - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [libvirt test] 128942: tolerable all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [freebsd-master test] 128959: regressions - trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [examine test] 128948: regressions - FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [distros-debian-squeeze test] 75492: trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/4] xen/arm: gic: Relax barrier when sending an
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/4] xen/arm: gic: Remove duplicated comment in
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/4] xen/arm: gic: Ensure ordering between read
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/4] xen/arm: gic: Ensure we have an ISB between
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 0/4] xen/arm: GIC fixes and improvement
   1  [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH 3/3] mfi-common: Drop freebsd builds on
   1  [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH 2/3]
   1  [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH 1/3] sa-init-db: Fix argument parsing
   1  [Xen-devel] How to use PV drivers with fully virtualized HVM on x86?
   1  [SPAM] [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 128960: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [SPAM] [Xen-devel] [PATCH v1] x86/hvm: Clean up may_defer
   1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 23/25] xen/vpl011: buffer
   1  [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only when pages are
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [Xen-users] Intel Z270 support
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 3/8] libxl: support mapping static shared
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 21/25] xen: support console_switching
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 3/5] tools/dombuilder: Initialise vcpu
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v1] x86/hvm: Clean up may_defer from hvm_*
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH V3 2/2] Xen/PCIback: Implement PCI
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH RESEND qemu-xen-traditional] xen/pt: allow
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/4] xen/arm: gic: Remove duplicated comment
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/4] xen/arm: gic: Ensure ordering between
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/2] x86/hvm: Drop the may_defer boolean
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 08/22] xen/arm: gic-v3: Re-order includes in
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 04/22] xen/arm: bugs: Move do_bug_frame to
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 03/22] xen/arm: Remove __init from prototype
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] Xen optimization
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] Ongoing/future speculative mitigation work
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] How to use PV drivers with fully virtualized HVM on
   1  Re: [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only when pages are


