
0_Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] staging: vboxvideo: Remove unnecessary parentheses
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] kernel/SRCU: Fix ctags
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] codafs: Fix build using bare-metal toolchain


0_kernel-hardening/
=============
   6  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation
   2  Re: [PATCH 02/17] prmem: write rare for static allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH 16/17] prmem: pratomic-long
   1  Re: [PATCH 14/17] prmem: llist, hlist, both plain and rcu
   1  Re: [PATCH 13/17] prmem: linked list: disable layout randomization
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/17] prmem: hardened usercopy
   1  Re: [PATCH 08/17] prmem: struct page: track vmap_area
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/17] prmem: test cases for memory protection
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/17] prmem: shorthands for write rare on common types
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/17] prmem: vmalloc support for dynamic allocation


0_linux-kernel/
=============
  10  Re: [RFC PATCH] Implement /proc/pid/kill
   5  Re: [RFC PATCH] Minimal non-child process exit notification support
   4  Re: [PATCHES/RFC] Re: A concern about overflow ring buffer mode
   3  Re: Re: [PATCH] fs/proc: introduce /proc/stat2 file
   2  [PATCH v2 3/8] selftests/resctrl: Read memory bandwidth from per=
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] pstore: Avoid duplicate call of persistent_ram_zap()
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] kernel/SRCU: Fix ctags
   2  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle
   2  RE: [PATCH v2 3/8] selftests/resctrl: Read memory bandwidth from perf
   1  [RFC] Proposal for FMC Subsystem Eradication
   1  [RFC PATCH] perf top: Move the timeout warning from event processing thread to display thread
   1  [RFC PATCH] Minimal non-child process exit notification support
   1  [RFC PATCH] Implement /proc/pid/kill
   1  [RFC PATCH v2] Minimal non-child process exit notification support
   1  [PATCH] sched/rt: Remove unnecessary CONFIG_RT_GROUP_SCHED in rt_se_prio()
   1  [PATCH] sched, trace: Fix prev_state output in sched_switch tracepoint
   1  [PATCH] perf top: Move the timeout warning from event 
   1  [PATCH] doc: correct parameter in stallwarn
   1  [PATCH] [PATCH V7] watchdog/core: Add watchdog_thresh command line  parameter
   1  [PATCH v2] kernel/SRCU: Fix ctags
   1  [PATCH v2 4/8] selftests/resctrl: Add callback to start a benchm=
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] tracing: simplify printf'ing in seq_print_sym
   1  [PATCH v2 2/8] selftests/resctrl: Add basic resctrl file system
   1  [PATCH v2 2/3] tracing: avoid -Wformat-nonliteral warning
   1  [PATCH v2 1/3] tracing: merge seq_print_sym_short() and seq_print_sym_offset()
   1  [PATCH v2 0/8] selftests/resctrl: Add resctrl selftest
   1  [PATCH v2 0/3] tracing: a few simplifying patches
   1  [PATCH tip/core/rcu 02/19] rcu: Defer reporting RCU-preempt
   1  [PATCH RESEND] initramfs: cleanup incomplete rootfs
   1  [PATCH 3/3] kprobes/x86: Simplify indirect-jump check in retpoline
   1  [PATCH 3/3] kobject: fix warnings use pr_* to replace  printk
   1  [PATCH 2/3] retpolines: Remove the minimal stuff of retpoline support
   1  [PATCH 2/3] kobject: Fix warnings in lib/kobject_uevent.c
   1  [PATCH 1/3] retpolines: Only enable retpoline when compiler support
   1  [PATCH 1/3] kobject: drop unnecessary cast "%llu" for u64
   1  [PATCH 0/3] kobject: fix warnings from ehcekpatch.pl
   1  [PATCH 0/3] Enable retpoline only when compiler support
   1  Re: x86/paravirt: Use a single ops structure
   1  Re: [RFC 00/60] Coscheduling for Linux
   1  Re: [REGRESSION 4.19-rc2] sometimes hangs with black screen when
   1  Re: [PATCH] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces
   1  Re: [PATCH] intel_th: Fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: [PATCH] fs/proc: introduce /proc/stat2 file
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] sched/fair: Cleanup load_balance() condition
   1  Re: [PATCH tip/core/rcu 02/19] rcu: Defer reporting RCU-preempt
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/10] tools gpio: Override CFLAGS assignments
   1  Re: [PATCH 08/10] tools power turbostat: Override CFLAGS assignments
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/10] sched/fair: Provide can_migrate_task_llc
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/10] tools thermal tmon: Override CFLAGS assignments
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/10] tools power x86_energy_perf_policy: Override
   1  Re: [PATCH 02/10] tools perf: Pass build flags to traceevent build
   1  Re: The linux devs can rescind their license grant.
   1  Re: Cramfs: "unable to handle kernel paging request" when reading
   1  Re: Bug#912087: openssh-server: Slow startup after the upgrade to
   1  RTL8812au driver source code A little help please?
   1  RE: [PATCH] Choose CPU based on allocated IRQs
   1  RE: [PATCH v2 char-misc 1/1] x86/hyperv: Fix PIT shutdown quirk
   1  RE: [PATCH v2 4/8] selftests/resctrl: Add callback to start a
   1  RE: [PATCH v2 2/8] selftests/resctrl: Add basic resctrl file system
   1  RE: [PATCH v2 0/8] selftests/resctrl: Add resctrl selftest


1_kernel_test_robot/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH i2c-next v8 5/5] i2c: aspeed: Add bus idle waiting logic
   1  make[2]: *** No rule to make target 'arch/xtensa/boot/dts/csp.dtb',
   1  [SPAM] sound/pci/hda/patch_ca0132.c:7650:20: error: implicit
   1  [SPAM] net/sunrpc/auth_gss/gss_krb5_seal.c:144:14: error:
   1  [SPAM] arch/x86/include/asm/rmwcc.h:23:17: error: jump into
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH] USB: Don't enable LPM if it's already
   1  [SPAM] ERROR: "numa_slit" [drivers/nvme/host/nvme-core.ko]
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86_64, vmcoreinfo: Append 'page_offset_base' to
   1  Re: [PATCH] sched/rt: Remove unnecessary CONFIG_RT_GROUP_SCHED in
   1  Re: [PATCH] V4 init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from
   1  Re: [PATCH] USB: Don't enable LPM if it's already enabled
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] gsmi: Log event for critical thermal thresholds


Adrian_Hunter/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf cs-etm: Correct CPU mode for samples
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: sdhci-cadence: include <linux/bits.h> instead of
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] mmc: sdhci-pci: Try "cd" for card-detect lookup before


Alan_Stern/
=============
   1  Re: scsi_set_medium_removal timeout issue 
   1  Re: [PATCH] USB: Don't enable LPM if it's already enabled


Alex_Williamson/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] drivers/vfio: Fix a redundant copy bug
   1  Re: Can VFIO pin only a specific region of guest mem when use pass


Alexander_Shishkin/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] intel_th: Fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 08/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT context switch for each vcpu


Alistair_Popple/
=============
   1  [PATCH] powerpc/npu-dma: Remove NPU DMA ops


Andrew_Lunn/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] net: xilinx_emaclite: recheck condition after
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] net:stmmac: dwmac-mediatek: add support for mt2712
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] net: xlinx: mdio: recheck condition after timeout


Andrew_Morton/
=============
   1  mmotm 2018-10-30-16-08 uploaded
   1  Re: [LKP] [mm] 68c37ccedc: BUG:kernel_hang_in_early-boot_stage,
   1  Re: [LKP] [mm] 68c37ccedc:


Andy_Shevchenko/
=============
   1  [RFC][PATCH v1] ACPI / scan: Create platform device for BOSC0200 ACPI nodes
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] serial: Finish kgdb on qcom_geni; fix many lockdep


Antoine_Tenart/
=============
   1  [PATCH] net: mvpp2: Fix affinity hint allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next 11/12] net: mvpp2: handle cases where more CPUs


Ard_Biesheuvel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64: kprobe: make page to RO mode when allocate it
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2 v5] arm64: Get rid of __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL 4/4] ARM: SoC platform updates for 4.20
   1  [GIT PULL 3/4] ARM: SoC driver updates for 4.17
   1  [GIT PULL 2/4] ARM: SoC defconfig updates for 4.20
   1  [GIT PULL 1/4] ARM: SoC device tree updates for 4.20
   1  [GIT PULL 0/4] ARM: SoC changes for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] C-SKY(csky) Port for Linux 4.20
   1  Re: RFC: changed error code when binding unix socket twice


Bart_Van_Assche/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 10/14] blk-mq: initial support for multiple queue maps
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] scsi: remove the SCSI OSD library
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] fs: remove exofs
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/14] blk-mq: ensure that plug lists don't straddle
   1  Re: [PATCH 08/14] blk-mq: separate number of hardware queues from
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/14] blk-mq: support multiple hctx maps
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/14] blk-mq: add 'type' attribute to the sysfs hctx
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/14] blk-mq: allow software queue to map to multiple
   1  Re: [PATCH 04/14] blk-mq: pass in request/bio flags to queue mapping
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/14] blk-mq: provide dummy blk_mq_map_queue_type()
   1  Re: [PATCH 02/14] blk-mq: abstract out queue map
   1  Re: [PATCH 01/14] blk-mq: kill q->mq_map


Benjamin_Herrenschmidt/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] powerpc/npu-dma: Remove NPU DMA ops


Bjorn_Andersson/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] rpmsg updates for v4.20
   1  [GIT PULL] remoteproc updates for v4.20


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] mtd: spi-nor: Add support for SPI boot flash access


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kobject: fix warnings use pr_* to replace  printk
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] MAINTAINERS: Add myself as the dw-i3c-master module


CK_Hu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] drm/mediatek: Use drm_gem_cma_object instead of


Charles_Keepax/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 5/5] pinctrl: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] i2c: Clear client->irq in i2c_device_remove


Christoffer_Dall/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH kvm-unit-tests] scripts: Speedup MAX_SMP check
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/13] kvm: selftests: add aarch64 framework and dirty


Christoph_Hellwig/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] powerpc/npu-dma: Remove NPU DMA ops
   1  scsi: remove bidirectional command support
   1  [PATCH] powerpc/powernv: remove dead npu-dma code
   1  Re: remove exofs and the T10 OSD code V2


DRM_DRIVERS_AND_MISC_GPU_PATCHES_Sean_Paul/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/6] dt-bindings: drm/panel: simple: Add no-hpd


Dan_Williams/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v5 4/4] mm: Defer ZONE_DEVICE page initialization to the
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH] kvm: Use huge pages for DAX-backed files


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/4] base/drivers/arch_topology: Remove useless check
   1  [PATCH 4/4] base/drivers/topology: Default dmpis-mhz if they are not set in DT
   1  [PATCH 3/4] base/drivers/topology: Move instructions in the error path
   1  [PATCH 2/4] base/drivers/arch_topology: Replace mutex with READ_ONCE / WRITE_ONCE
   1  [PATCH 1/4] base/drivers/arch_topology: Remove useless check
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/4] base/drivers/topology: Default dmpis-mhz if they are
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/4] base/drivers/topology: Move instructions in the error


Daniel_Thompson/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/7] kgdb: Remove irq flags and local_irq_enable/disable
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/7] smp: Don't yell about IRQs disabled in
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] serial: Finish kgdb on qcom_geni; fix many lockdep


Dave_Young/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo


David_S_Miller/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCHES/RFC] Re: A concern about overflow ring buffer mode
   2  Re: [PATCH] hinic: Fix l4_type parameter in
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next 1/2] net: nixge: Separate ctrl and dma


David_Sterba/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] Btrfs updates for 4.20, part 2


Davidlohr_Bueso/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] fs/proc: introduce /proc/stat2 file
   1  [PATCH] fs/proc: introduce /proc/stat2 file


Dmitry_Osipenko/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 01/17] OPP: Allow to request stub voltage


Eric_Biederman/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC 00/20] ns: Introduce Time Namespace


Eric_Dumazet/
=============
   1  Re: [mainline][bisected 55469b][ppc] build error at drivers/net/ethernet/mellanox/mlx4/en_rx.c


Eugeniy_Paltsev/
=============
   1  [RFC v2 2/2] ARC: ARCv2: Introduce SmaRT support
   1  [RFC v2 1/2] ARC: split show_faulting_vma for logic and representation parts
   1  [PATCH v2] ARC: IOC: panic if kernel was started with previously enabled IOC


Florian_Fainelli/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arm64: Get rid of __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: NSP: Move aliases to bcm-nsp.dtsi
   1  [PATCH 6/6] of/fdt: Remove definition check for __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  [PATCH 5/6] arm64: Utilize ARCH_HAS_PHYS_INITRD
   1  [PATCH 4/6] of/fdt: Populate phys_initrd_start/phys_initrd_size from FDT
   1  [PATCH 3/6] arch: Define ARCH_HAS_PHYS_INITRD for ARM and Unicore32
   1  [PATCH 2/6] arch: Make phys_initrd_start and phys_initrd_size global variables
   1  [PATCH 2/2 v5] of/fdt: Remove definition check for __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  [PATCH 1/6] nds32: Remove phys_initrd_start and phys_initrd_size
   1  [PATCH 1/2 v5] arm64: Get rid of __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  [PATCH 0/6]  arm64: Get rid of __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  [PATCH 0/2 v5] arm64: Get rid of __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/2] arm64: Get rid of __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2 v5] arm64: Get rid of __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()


Gao_Xiang/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] bit_spinlock: introduce smp_cond_load_relaxed
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] bit_spinlock: introduce smp_cond_load_relaxed


George_Cherian/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3] xhci: Add quirk to workaround the errata seen on Cavium
   1  [PATCH v2] xhci: Add quirk to workaround the errata seen on Cavium


Gerd_Hoffmann/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/5] drm/virtio: add uapi for in and out explicit fences
   1  [PATCH v4] drm/bochs: add edid support.
   1  [PATCH v4 2/2] drm/virtio: add edid support
   1  [PATCH v4 1/2] virtio-gpu: add VIRTIO_GPU_F_EDID feature
   1  Re: [PATCH] gpu/drm/virtio/virtgpu_vq.c: Use kmem_cache_zalloc
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] drm/bochs: add edid support.
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/6] drm/qxl: Remove checkpatch issues
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/4] Improve virtio ID allocation


Greentime_Hu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH -next] nds32: Remove duplicated include from pm.c


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 8/8] watchdog: stpmic1: add stpmic1 watchdog driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 7/8] dt-bindings: watchdog: document stpmic1 pmic


Hans_de_Goede/
=============
   5  Re: Regression found (Stop-marking-clocks-as-CLK_IS_CRITICAL)
   1  [PATCH] ASoC: intel: cht_bsw_max98090_ti: Use pmc_plt_clk_0 instead
   1  [PATCH] ASoC: intel: cht_bsw_max98090_ti: Also enable/disable
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH v1] ACPI / scan: Create platform device for BOSC0200


Heikki_Krogerus/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/10] hikey960: Support usb functionality of Hikey960


Heiko_Stuebner/
=============
   1  [PATCH v4 RESEND] drm/panel: add Kingdisplay kd097d04 panel driver
   1  Re: [PATCH V2] DT: rockchip: Fix stability issues with the 'performance' governor on rock960


Helge_Deller/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] parisc architecture fixes for kernel v4.20


Herbert_Xu/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 11/12] crypto: adiantum - add Adiantum support


Ian_Kent/
=============
   1  [ANNOUNCE] autofs 5.1.5 release


Jacopo_Mondi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] pinctrl: sh-pfc: Introduce VIN_DATA_PIN_GROUP_VER


Jan_Harkes/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] codafs: Fix build using bare-metal toolchain


Jani_Nikula/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] drm/bochs: add edid support.


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_ibmvtpm: fix kdoc warnings


Jason_Wang/
=============
   1  [PATCH net] vhost: Fix Spectre V1 vulnerability


Jeff_Kirsher/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] kconfig: remove silentoldconfig target


Jeff_Layton/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9 v3] locks: avoid thundering-herd wake-ups


Jens_Axboe/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH 11/14] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)
   3  Re: [PATCH 10/14] blk-mq: initial support for multiple queue maps
   2  Re: [PATCH 09/14] blk-mq: ensure that plug lists don't straddle
   1  [PATCHSET v2 0/14] blk-mq: Add support for multiple queue maps
   1  [PATCH 14/14] nvme: add separate poll queue map
   1  [PATCH 13/14] block: add REQ_HIPRI and inherit it from IOCB_HIPRI
   1  [PATCH 12/14] nvme: utilize two queue maps, one for reads and one for writes
   1  [PATCH 11/14] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing) sets of IRQs
   1  [PATCH 10/14] blk-mq: initial support for multiple queue maps
   1  [PATCH 09/14] blk-mq: ensure that plug lists don't straddle hardware queues
   1  [PATCH 08/14] blk-mq: separate number of hardware queues from nr_cpu_ids
   1  [PATCH 07/14] blk-mq: support multiple hctx maps
   1  [PATCH 06/14] blk-mq: add 'type' attribute to the sysfs hctx directory
   1  [PATCH 05/14] blk-mq: allow software queue to map to multiple hardware queues
   1  [PATCH 04/14] blk-mq: pass in request/bio flags to queue mapping
   1  [PATCH 03/14] blk-mq: provide dummy blk_mq_map_queue_type() helper
   1  [PATCH 02/14] blk-mq: abstract out queue map
   1  [PATCH 01/14] blk-mq: kill q->mq_map
   1  Re: remove exofs and the T10 OSD code V2
   1  Re: [PATCH] Add cmd_flags to print_req_error
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/14] blk-mq: support multiple hctx maps
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/14] blk-mq: allow software queue to map to multiple
   1  Re: [PATCH 04/14] blk-mq: pass in request/bio flags to queue mapping
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/14] blk-mq: provide dummy blk_mq_map_queue_type()
   1  Re: [PATCH 01/14] blk-mq: kill q->mq_map


Jerome_Brunet/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: meson-axg: fix dtc warning about unit address
   1  [PATCH 4/4] nvmem: meson-efuse: add peripheral clock
   1  [PATCH 3/4] arm64: dts: meson-gx: add efuse pclk
   1  [PATCH 2/4] nvmem: meson-efuse: bindings: add peripheral clock
   1  [PATCH 1/4] nvmem: meson-efuse: add error message on user_max failure.
   1  [PATCH 0/4] nvmem: meson: efuse updates


Jessica_Yu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64/module: use mod->klp_info section header


Johan_Hovold/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/5] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver


John_Garry/
=============
   2  Re: Crash report: Broken NUMA distance map causes crash on arm64
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/1] iommu/arm-smmu-v3: eliminate a potential memory


Juergen_Gross/
=============
   1  [PATCH] x86/paravirt: remove unused _paravirt_ident_32
   1  [GIT PULL] xen: fixes for 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: x86/paravirt: Use a single ops structure
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] CONFIG_XEN_PV breaks
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 12/18] xen: setup Xen specific data for
   1  Re: [PATCH] xen-blkfront: fix kernel panic with negotiate_mq error


Julia_Lawall/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] thermal: broadcom: constify thermal_zone_of_device_ops structure
   1  [PATCH 2/2] media: video-i2c: hwmon: constify vb2_ops structure
   1  [PATCH 1/2] usb: gadget: uvc: constify vb2_ops structure
   1  [PATCH 1/2] thermal: armada: constify thermal_zone_of_device_ops structure
   1  [PATCH 0/2] constify vb2_ops structures
   1  [PATCH 0/2] constify thermal_zone_of_device_ops structures


KDUMP_Baoquan_He/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] x86_64, vmcoreinfo: Append 'page_offset_base' to
   1  Re: [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 08/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT context switch for each
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 06/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT virtualization work mode


Kees_Cook/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max


Keith_Busch/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 11/14] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)


Krzysztof_Kozlowski/
=============
   1  [BISECT] NFSv4 root boot failures on next (Merge remote-tracking


LEAKING_ADDRESSES_Tycho_Andersen/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v8 1/2] seccomp: add a return code to trap to userspace
   1  [PATCH] seccomp: hoist struct seccomp_data recalculation higher
   1  [PATCH v8 2/2] samples: add an example of seccomp user trap
   1  [PATCH v8 1/2] seccomp: add a return code to trap to userspace
   1  [PATCH v8 0/2] seccomp trap to userspace
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 2/2] samples: add an example of seccomp user trap


Laurent_Pinchart/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v12 1/2] dt-bindings: media: Add Allwinner V3s Camera Sensor Interface (CSI)


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
   3  Re: Logitech high-resolution scrolling..
   1  Re: [git pull] m68knommu fix for v4.20
   1  Re: [git pull] m68k updates for 4.20
   1  Re: [PULL REQUEST] i2c for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] rpmsg updates for v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] parisc architecture fixes for kernel v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] TTY/Serial fixes for 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Staging/IIO driver patches for 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Mailbox changes for v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] C-SKY(csky) Port for Linux 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] Btrfs updates for 4.20, part 2
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] 9p updates for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL for v4.20-rc1] media updates
   1  Re: [GIT PULL 0/4] ARM: SoC changes for 4.20


Linus_Walleij/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 5/5] pinctrl: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add initial binding documentation
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 3/4] bus: support HMS Anybus-S bus.
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/6] gpio: gpio-zynq: simplify getting .driver_data
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/6] gpio: gpio-tegra: simplify getting .driver_data
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] pinctrl: pinctrl-at91-pio4: simplify getting .driver_data
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] gpio: gpio-omap: simplify getting .driver_data
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/5] pinctrl: pinctrl-amd: simplify getting .driver_data
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/6] gpio: gpio-mxc: simplify getting .driver_data
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/6] gpio: gpio-lynxpoint: simplify getting .driver_data
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] pinctrl: pinctrl-npcm7xx: Set BGPIOF_VOLATILE_REG
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/6] gpio: gpio-dwapb: simplify getting .driver_data
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] pinctrl: intel: pinctrl-baytrail: simplify getting .driver_data
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] gpio: gpio-mmio: Allow volatile shadow regs


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
   6  Re: [PATCH v5 4/4] mm: Defer ZONE_DEVICE page initialization to the
   4  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 3/3] mm, oom: hand over MMF_OOM_SKIP to exit path
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] mm/page_owner: use kvmalloc instead of kmalloc
   1  Re: memcg oops:
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v4 1/6] mm: Use mm_zero_struct_page from SPARC on all
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm: handle no memcg case in memcg_kmem_charge() properly
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] mm: soft-offline: fix race against page allocation


Marc_Kleine-Budde/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH V2 1/2] can: flexcan: Add self wakeup support


Marc_Zyngier/
=============
   2  [PATCH] net: mvpp2: Fix affinity hint allocation
   1  [PATCH] soc: ti: QMSS: Fix usage of irq_set_affinity_hint
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next 11/12] net: mvpp2: handle cases where more CPUs


Mark_Gross/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH] tlclk: lean an indentation issue, remove extraneous tabs


Masahiro_Yamada/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mmc: sdhci-cadence: include <linux/bits.h> instead of <linux/bitops.h>
   1  [PATCH] kbuild: remove unused cc-fullversion variable
   1  [PATCH] kbuild: consolidate single targets
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] kbuild: remove cc-name variable
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] kbuild: replace cc-name test with CONFIG_CC_IS_CLANG
   1  [PATCH 2/2] kbuild: remove cc-name variable
   1  [PATCH 1/2] kbuild: replace cc-name test with CONFIG_CC_IS_CLANG
   1  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the compiler-attributes tree with the
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] retpolines: Only enable retpoline when compiler
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] kconfig: remove oldnoconfig target
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] kbuild: replace cc-name test with CONFIG_CC_IS_CLANG


Masami_Hiramatsu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces


Mathias_Nyman/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] xhci: Add quirk to workaround the errata seen on


Michael_Ellerman/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] kbuild: replace cc-name test with CONFIG_CC_IS_CLANG
   2  Re: [PATCH 01/21] of: Add cpu node iterator for_each_of_cpu_node()
   1  Re: [PATCH] powerpc/npu-dma: Remove NPU DMA ops


Michael_Turquette/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: add myself as co-maintainer of gpiolib


Miguel_Ojeda_Sandonis/
=============
   1  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the compiler-attributes tree with the
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/7] compiler_attributes.h: add __attribute__((format_arg))


Moritz_Fischer/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] fpga: altera-cvp: Fix registration for CvP incapable


Naoya_Horiguchi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] mm: soft-offline: fix race against page


Oleg_Nesterov/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v8 1/2] seccomp: add a return code to trap to userspace


Oliver_Neukum/
=============
   1  Re: scsi_set_medium_removal timeout issue


P1_devicetree/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mmc: mmci: add variant property to send stop cmd if a command fail
   1  [PATCH V2 3/3] ARM: dts: sabreauto: Add flexcan support
   1  [PATCH V2 2/3] ARM: dts: imx6sx-sabreauto: Add flexcan support
   1  [PATCH V2 1/3] ARM: dts: imx6sx-sdb: Add flexcan support
   1  [PATCH V2 0/3] ARM: dts: sabreauto: Add flexcan support
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm: dts: socfpga*.dts*: use SPDX-License-Identifier
   1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 3/4] bus: support HMS Anybus-S bus.
   1  Re: [PATCH V13 1/4] clocksource: add C-SKY SMP timer
   1  RE: [PATCH v4 2/2] dt-bindings: mailbox: Add Xilinx IPI Mailbox
   1  How to implement "#interrupt-cells = <2>" for a gpiochip?


P1_kvm/
=============
   5  Re: [kvm PATCH v4 0/2] use vmalloc to allocate vmx vcpus
   3  [Bug 201565] Intel Processor Trace enabling in KVM
   3  Re: [PATCH v2 1/6] x86/kernel/hyper-v: xmm fast hypercall as guest
   3  Re: [PATCH v2 0/6] x86/kernel/hyper-v: xmm fast hypercall
   2  Re: [PATCH v4] drivers/vfio: Fix a redundant copy bug
   2  Re: Can VFIO pin only a specific region of guest mem when use pass
   1  gRe: [PATCH V5 1/5] KVM: X86: Memory ROE  =?ISO-8859-1?Q?=20documentation=1B?=
   1  [RFC PATCH] kvm: Use huge pages for DAX-backed files
   1  [PULL 0/7] x86 queue, 2018-10-30
   1  [Bug 201565] New: Intel Processor Trace enabling in KVM
   1  Trying to build KVM
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH] kvm: Use huge pages for DAX-backed files
   1  Re: [PULL 0/7] x86 queue, 2018-10-30
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] kvm, vmx: move register clearing out of assembly
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] kvm, vmx: move CR2 context switch out of assembly
   1  Re: [PATCH V5 5/5] KVM: Small Refactoring to kvm_free_memslot
   1  Re: [PATCH V5 0/5] KVM: X86: Introducing ROE Protection Kernel
   1  Re: Opcodes instead of mnemonics for VMX instructions
   1  RE: [PATCH v13 06/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT virtualization work
   1  Opcodes instead of mnemonics for VMX instructions


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   5  Re: memcg oops:
   4  Re: [PATCH] mm: handle no memcg case in memcg_kmem_charge() properly
   1  [SPAM] [PATCH] mm: handle no memcg case in
   1  [SPAM] Re: memcg oops:


P1_netdev/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] hinic: Fix l4_type parameter in hinic_task_set_tunnel_l4
   1  [PATCH][net-next] net: hns3: fix spelling mistake "intrerrupt" -> "interrupt"
   1  [PATCH net-next 2/2] net: nixge: Update device-tree bindings with v3.00
   1  [PATCH net-next 1/2] net: nixge: Separate ctrl and dma resources
   1  [PATCH 2/2] net: xilinx_emaclite: recheck condition after timeout in mdio_wait()
   1  [PATCH 1/2] net: axienet: recheck condition after timeout in mdio_wait()
   1  [PATCH 0/2] net: xlinx: mdio: recheck condition after timeout
   1  Re: bnx2: rx_fw_discards: BCM5716 sporadically drops packets when
   1  Re: [PATCH] net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] net: xlinx: mdio: recheck condition after timeout
   1  RE: [PATCH 2/2] net: xilinx_emaclite: recheck condition after timeout
   1  KASAN: slab-out-of-bounds Read in _decode_session6 (2)


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] perf cs-etm: Correct CPU mode for samples
   3  Re: [PATCHES/RFC] Re: A concern about overflow ring buffer mode
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf/core: clean up inconsisent indentation
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf util: take pgoff into account when reporting elf to


Palmer_Dabbelt/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] Revert "lib: Add umoddi3 and udivmoddi4 of GCC library routines"
   1  [PATCH 1/2] Revert "RISC-V: Select GENERIC_LIB_UMODDI3 on RV32"
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] RISC-V: Add support for SECCOMP


Paul_Durrant/
=============
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 8/8] viridian: introduce struct viridian_page
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 7/8] viridian: define type for the 'virtual VP
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 5/8] viridian: separate interrupt related
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/8] viridian: remove duplicate union types
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/8] viridian: remove comments referencing
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/8] viridian: remove MSR perf counters
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/2] iommu / p2m: add a page_order parameter to
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/8] viridian: move the code into its own
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/2] x86/mm/p2m: don't needlessly limit MMIO
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 0/8] viridian cleanup
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/2] iommu / p2m: add a page_order parameter
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/2] x86/mm/p2m: don't needlessly limit MMIO


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
   1  [PATCH tip/core/rcu 02/19] rcu: Defer reporting RCU-preempt
   1  Re: [PATCH] doc: correct parameter in stallwarn
   1  Re: [PATCH tip/core/rcu 02/19] rcu: Defer reporting RCU-preempt


Paul_Moore/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] riscv: add audit support


Pavel_Machek/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 0/8] OLPC 1.75 Keyboard/Touchpad fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH -next] nds32: Remove duplicated include from pm.c


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/3] retpolines: Only enable retpoline when compiler
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] sched/fair: Cleanup load_balance() condition
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/7] smp: Don't yell about IRQs disabled in
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] kprobes/x86: Simplify indirect-jump check in
   1  Re: [PATCH 16/17] prmem: pratomic-long
   1  Re: [PATCH 13/17] prmem: linked list: disable layout randomization
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] perf: Add munmap callback
   1  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle
   1  Re: Crash report: Broken NUMA distance map causes crash on arm64


Philipp_Zabel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/8] drm/imx: imx-tve: constify clk_ops structure


Pierre-Louis_Bossart/
=============
   3  Re: Regression found (Stop-marking-clocks-as-CLK_IS_CRITICAL)


Rafael_J_Wysocki/
=============
   1  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the pm tree with the i2c tree
   1  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the pm tree with Linus' tree
   1  Re: [RFC/RFT][PATCH v2] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor for tickless systems


Rasesh_Mody/
=============
   1  RE: bnx2: rx_fw_discards: BCM5716 sporadically drops packets when


Richard_Weinberger/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH][next] ubifs: authentication: fix memory leak on error exit path


Rob_Herring/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 01/21] of: Add cpu node iterator for_each_of_cpu_node()
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] C-SKY(csky) Port for Linux 4.20


Roger_Pau_Monné/
=============
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 7/7] amd/pvh: enable ACPI C1E disable quirk
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 6/7] vpci/msix: carve p2m hole for MSIX MMIO
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/7] vpci: fix execution of long running
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 4/7] vpci: fix updating the command register
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 3/7] x86/pvh: allow PVH Dom0 to use the debug
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/hvm: introduce a define for the
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 1/7] x86/pvh: fix TSC mode setup for PVH Dom0
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 0/7] x86/pvh: fix fixes for PVH Dom0
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] dom0/pvh: Dom0 PVH with PCI passthrough support
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] iommu / p2m: add a page_order parameter
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 7/7] amd/pvh: enable ACPI C1E disable
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 3/7] x86/pvh: allow PVH Dom0 to use the
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 2/7] x86/hvm: introduce a define for the
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 12/18] xen: setup Xen specific data for
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] Interrupt injection with ISR set on Intel hardware
   1  Re: [PATCH] xen-blkfront: fix kernel panic with negotiate_mq error


Russell_King/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm: mm: fault: check ADFSR in case of abort
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] of/fdt: Populate phys_initrd_start/phys_initrd_size
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] serial: Finish kgdb on qcom_geni; fix many lockdep


Samuel_Mendoza-Jonas/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v2 6/6] net/ncsi: Configure multi-package,
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next v2 5/6] net/ncsi: Reset channel state in


Samuel_Ortiz/
=============
   1  [SPAM] [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 01/19] hw: i386: Decouple the


Samuel_Thibault/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: speakup: clean up few indentation issues


Serge_E_Hallyn/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 2/2] samples: add an example of seccomp user trap


Stefan_Popa/
=============
   2  [PATCH v3 2/3] iio: adc: Add ad7124 support
   1  [PATCH v3 3/3] dt-bindings: iio: adc: Add docs for ad7124
   1  [PATCH v3 1/3] iio: ad_sigma_delta: Allow to provide custom data register address


Stefano_Stabellini/
=============
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 21/25] xen: support console_switching
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] arm,
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 08/16] xen/arm: p2m: Handle translation fault
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 07/16] xen/arm: p2m: Introduce p2m_is_valid
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 06/16] xen/arm: p2m: Introduce a helper to
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 05/16] xen/arm: traps: Move the implementation
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 03/16] xen/arm: Allow lpae_is_{table,
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 02/16] xen/arm: Introduce helpers to get/set
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] arm,
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 23/25] xen/vpl011: buffer out chars when
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 22/25] xen/arm: Allow vpl011 to be used
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] CONFIG_XEN_PV breaks


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v6] clk: qcom: Add lpass clock controller driver for SDM845
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] clk: boston: fix possible memory leak in clk_boston_setup()
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] clk: qcom : dispcc: Add support for display port clocks
   1  Re: [PATCH linux-next v1 2/4] clk: renesas: Add binding document for AVB
   1  Re: [PATCH linux-next v1 1/4] clk: renesas: clk-avb: add AVB Clock driver
   1  Re: Regression found (Stop-marking-clocks-as-CLK_IS_CRITICAL)


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] selftests/ftrace: Fix synthetic event test to delete event correctly
   1  [PATCH 1/2] tracing: Return -ENOENT if there is no target synthetic event
   1  [PATCH 0/2] [GIT PULL] tracing: Fixes to synthetic events
   1  [GIT PULL] tracing: Updates for 4.20 (or 5.0)
   1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 4.14 17/19] selftests: ftrace: Add synthetic


Suganath_Prabu_Subramani/
=============
   1  [v1 2/2] mpt3sas: Add support to Aero PCI IDs.
   1  [v1 1/2] mpt3sas: Update MPI headers to support Aero controllers.
   1  [v1 0/2] mpt3sas: Add support to Aero controllers.
   1  Re: [v6 0/4] mpt3sas: Hot-Plug Surprise removal support on IOC.


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 3/3] mm, oom: hand over MMF_OOM_SKIP to exit path
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 3/3] mm, oom: hand over =?ISO-2022-JP?B?TU1GX09PTV9T?=


Theodore_Tso/
=============
   1  Re: Bug#912087: openssh-server: Slow startup after the upgrade to


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC 00/20] ns: Introduce Time Namespace
   2  Re: [PATCH V2 1/2] x86/efi: Unmap EFI boot services code/data regions
   2  RE: [PATCH v13 06/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT virtualization work
   2  RE: [PATCH V2 1/2] x86/efi: Unmap EFI boot services code/data regions
   1  [PATCH] V6 init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from kernel line To: loberman@redhat.com
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86/ioremap: tighten integer overflow checking
   1  Re: [PATCH] V6 init/main.c Enable watchdog_thresh control from kernel
   1  Re: [PATCH] Choose CPU based on allocated IRQs
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 00/13] arch/x86: AMD QoS support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 char-misc 1/1] x86/hyperv: Fix PIT shutdown quirk
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 08/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT context switch for each
   1  Re: [PATCH v13 05/12] perf/x86/intel/pt: add new capability for
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 2/2] x86/efi: Move efi_<reserve/free>_boot_services()
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC v1 3/8] timer: Export next wakeup time of a CPU
   1  Re: [PATCH 11/14] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)


Thor_Thayer/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCHv4 0/2] iommu/arm-smmu: Add Stratix10 SMMU Support


Tony_Luck/
=============
   1  Re: MCE reports errors that can't be verified
   1  RE: MCE reports errors that can't be verified


Ulf_Hansson/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC v1 3/8] timer: Export next wakeup time of a CPU
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4 v5] memstick: Prevent memstick host from getting


Vinod_Koul/
=============
   1  [PATCH 17/17] arm64: dts: qcom: pms405: Add pon and pwrkey nodes
   1  [PATCH 16/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Use BAM DMA for serial uart2
   1  [PATCH 15/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add BAM DMA node
   1  [PATCH 14/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: add prng-ee node
   1  [PATCH 13/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add remoteproc nodes
   1  [PATCH 12/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add scm firmware node
   1  [PATCH 11/17] arm64: dts: qcom: pms405: add gpios
   1  [PATCH 10/17] arm64: dts: qcom: pms405: add rtc node
   1  [PATCH 09/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: add spmi node
   1  [PATCH 08/17] arm64: dts: qcom: pms405: add spmi node
   1  [PATCH 07/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add sdcc1 node
   1  [PATCH 06/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add TLMM pinctrl node
   1  [PATCH 05/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: add smp2p nodes
   1  [PATCH 04/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add PMS405 RPM regulators
   1  [PATCH 03/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add RPM GLINK related nodes
   1  [PATCH 02/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add reserved-memory regions
   1  [PATCH 01/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: add base dts files
   1  [PATCH 00/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add Device tree nodes


Viresh_Kumar/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 4/4] base/drivers/topology: Default dmpis-mhz if they are
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/4] base/drivers/arch_topology: Remove useless check
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/4] base/drivers/topology: Move instructions in the error path
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] base/drivers/arch_topology: Replace mutex with


Wei_Liu/
=============
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] dom0/pvh: Dom0 PVH with PCI passthrough support
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 5/5] xen/keyhandler: Drop


Will_Deacon/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arm64: mm: Don't wait for completion of TLB invalidation when
   1  Re: [PATCH] iommu: arm-smmu: Set SCTLR.HUPCF bit
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: kprobe: make page to RO mode when allocate it
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/6] mm: Introduce common STRUCT_PAGE_MAX_SHIFT define
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/1] iommu/arm-smmu-v3: eliminate a potential memory
   1  Re: [PATCH V3] arm64: Don't flush tlb while clearing the accessed bit


Wolfram_Sang/
=============
   1  [PULL REQUEST] i2c for 4.20
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] i2c: Clear client->irq in i2c_device_remove


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
   2  Re: MCE reports errors that can't be verified
   1  Re: [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo


Yoshinori_Sato/
=============
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] C-SKY(csky) Port for Linux 4.20


alsa-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] ASoC: AMD: Fix race condition between register access


codalist/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2] codafs: Fix build using bare-metal toolchain
   1  [PATCH v2] codafs: Fix build using bare-metal toolchain


containers/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/1] ns: add binfmt_misc to the user namespace


dm-devel/
=============
   1  Re: [dm-devel] [RFC] dm-bow working prototype


dmaengine/
=============
   1  [v11 7/7] dt-bindings: fsl-qdma: Add NXP Layerscpae qDMA controller bindings
   1  [v11 6/7] arm64: dts: ls1046a: add qdma device tree nodes
   1  [v11 5/7] arm64: dts: ls1043a: add qdma device tree nodes
   1  [v11 4/7] arm: dts: ls1021a: add qdma device tree nodes
   1  [v11 3/7] dmaengine: fsl-qdma: Add qDMA controller driver for Layerscape SoCs
   1  [v11 2/7] dmaengine: fsldma: Adding macro FSL_DMA_IN/OUT implement for ARM platform
   1  [v11 1/7] dmaengine: fsldma: Replace DMA_IN/OUT by FSL_DMA_IN/OUT


dri-devel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] video: fbdev: sis: fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] drm/mediatek: Use drm_gem_cma_object instead of


iommu/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 1/1] iommu/arm-smmu-v3: eliminate a potential memory
   1  Re: [PATCH] kernel/dma: Fix panic caused by passing swiotlb to


kbuild-all/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] sched/rt: Remove unnecessary CONFIG_RT_GROUP_SCHED in rt_se_prio()


kernel-janitors/
=============
   1  [PATCH] tlclk: lean an indentation issue, remove extraneous tabs
   1  [PATCH] perf/core: clean up inconsisent indentation
   1  [PATCH -next] nds32: Remove duplicated include from pm.c
   1  Re: [PATCH] tlclk: lean an indentation issue, remove extraneous tabs


kexec/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] x86_64, vmcoreinfo: Append 'page_offset_base' to vmcoreinfo
   1  Re: [PATCH] kdump, vmcoreinfo: Export sme_me_mask value to vmcoreinfo


keyrings/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] [PATCH] KEYS: trusted: fix -Wvarags warning


kgdb-bugreport/
=============
   1  [PATCH 6/7] smp: Don't yell about IRQs disabled in kgdb_roundup_cpus()
   1  [PATCH 4/7] serial: core: Include console.h from serial_core.h
   1  [PATCH 2/7] serial: core: Allow processing sysrq at port unlock time


kvm-arm/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2 v5] arm64: Get rid of __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] writeback: don't decrement wb->refcnt if !wb->bdi
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] serial: set suppress_bind_attrs flag only if builtin
   1  [PATCH 7/7] kgdb: Remove irq flags and local_irq_enable/disable from roundup
   1  [PATCH 0/7] serial: Finish kgdb on qcom_geni; fix many lockdep splats w/ kgdb
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] of/fdt: Populate phys_initrd_start/phys_initrd_size
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/6] arch: Make phys_initrd_start and phys_initrd_size
   1  Re: [LKP] [mm] 68c37ccedc:
   1  RE: [PATCH v7 2/6] soc/fsl/guts: Add definition for LX2160A


linux-acpi/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] mmc: sdhci-pci: Try "cd" for card-detect lookup before
   1  [PATCH v2] mmc: sdhci-pci: Try "cd" for card-detect lookup before
   1  [GIT PULL] More power management updates for v4.20-rc1
   1  [GIT PULL] More ACPI updates for v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] PCI/AER: Option to leave System Error Interrupts


linux-amlogic/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver


linux-arch/
=============
   2  Re: [GIT PULL] C-SKY(csky) Port for Linux 4.20
   1  [PATCH v5] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] arm64/numa: Add more vetting in numa_set_distance()
   1  [PATCH] perf cs-etm: Correct CPU mode for samples
   1  [PATCH v2] arm64: kprobe: make page to RO mode when allocate it
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf cs-etm: Correct CPU mode for samples


linux-aspeed/
=============
   1  [PATCH i2c-next v8 5/5] i2c: aspeed: Add bus idle waiting logic for multi-master use cases
   1  [PATCH i2c-next v8 4/5] i2c: aspeed: Remove hard-coded bus timeout value setting
   1  [PATCH i2c-next v8 3/5] dt-bindings: i2c: aspeed: Add 'bus-timeout-ms' property as an optional property
   1  [PATCH i2c-next v8 2/5] i2c: core: Add support reading of 'bus-timeout-ms' and '#retries' properties
   1  [PATCH i2c-next v8 1/5] dt-bindings: i2c: Add 'bus-timeout-ms' and '#retries' properties as common optional
   1  [PATCH i2c-next v8 0/5] i2c: aspeed: Add bus idle waiting logic for multi-master use cases


linux-block/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] Add cmd_flags to print_req_error
   1  upstream boot error (2)
   1  [PATCH] mtip32xx: clean an indentation issue, remove extraneous tabs
   1  [PATCH] Add cmd_flags to print_req_error


linux-bluetooth/
=============
   1  [PATCH] bluetooth: hci_intel: clean an indentation issue, remove extraneous spaces
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] Bluetooth: hci_qca: Set HCI_QUIRK_USE_BDADDR_PROPERTY for wcn3990
   1  [PATCH v2 2/3] Bluetooth: btqcomsmd: use HCI_QUIRK_USE_BDADDR_PROPERTY
   1  [PATCH v2 1/3] Bluetooth: Add quirk for reading BD_ADDR from fwnode property
   1  [PATCH v2 0/3] Add quirk for reading BD_ADDR from fwnode property


linux-clk/
=============
   1  [PATCH v6 6/6] clk: RK808: add RK809 and RK817 support.
   1  [PATCH v6 5/6] rtc: rk808: add RK809 and RK817 support.
   1  [PATCH v6 4/6] dt-bindings: mfd: rk808: Add binding information for RK809 and RK817.
   1  [PATCH v6 3/6] regulator: rk808: add RK809 and RK817 support.
   1  [PATCH v6 2/6] mfd: rk808: Add RK817 and RK809 support
   1  [PATCH v6 1/6] regmap: add a new macro:REGMAP_IRQ_REG_LINE(_id, _reg_bits)
   1  [PATCH v6 0/6] support a new type of PMIC,including two chips(rk817 and rk809)
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] clk: qcom : dispcc: Add support for display port


linux-crypto/
=============
   4  Re: [Qestion] Lots of memory leaks when mounting and unmounting nfs
   3  Re: [PATCH] crypto: cavium/nitrox - fix a DMA pool free failure
   1  [Qestion]  Lots of memory leaks when mounting and unmounting nfs
   1  [PATCH] crypto: chelsio: clean up various indentation issues


linux-doc/
=============
   1  [PATCH] doc: correct parameter in stallwarn


linux-edac/
=============
   1  Re: MCE reports errors that can't be verified


linux-efi/
=============
   3  RE: [PATCH V2 1/2] x86/efi: Unmap EFI boot services code/data


linux-ext4/
=============
   2  Re: WARNING in ext4_invalidatepage
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/7] ext4 resize: missing brelse() in case success in


linux-f2fs-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] f2fs: fix get_blocktype_secs bug when segs_per_sec is larger than 1
   1  [PATCH v2] f2fs: fix get_blocktype_secs bug when segs_per_sec is larger than 1
   1  [PATCH v2] f2fs: change segment to section in f2fs_ioc_gc_range


linux-fsdevel/
=============
   9  Re: [PATCH] fs/proc: introduce /proc/stat2 file
   1  general protection fault in put_fs_context
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] drivers/md/raid5.c: use the new spelling of
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] fcntl: fix typo in RWH_WRITE_LIFE_NOT_SET r/w hint
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] Fix typo in RWH_WRITE_LIFE_NOT_SET constant name
   1  WARNING in get_unlocked_entry
   1  Re: mmotm 2018-10-30-16-08 uploaded (arch/x86/kernel/vsmp_64.c)
   1  Re: [PATCH RESEND 1/2] fcntl: fix typo in RWH_WRITE_LIFE_NOT_SET r/w


linux-gpio/
=============
   1  [PATCH] gpio: sch311x: clean an indentation issue, remove extraneous space
   1  [PATCH RESEND] gpiolib: Fix possible use after free on label
   1  [PATCH 2/2] pinctrl: sh-pfc: r8a77965: Add VIN[4|5] groups/functions
   1  [PATCH 1/2] pinctrl: sh-pfc: Introduce VIN_DATA_PIN_GROUP_VER
   1  [PATCH 0/2] pinctrl: sh-pfc: r8a77965: Add VIN4 and VIN5
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] pinctrl: sh-pfc: r8a77965: Add VIN[4|5]
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] pinctrl: sh-pfc: Introduce VIN_DATA_PIN_GROUP_VER


linux-hwmon/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] hwmon: (adm1275): Allow setting shunt reg value


linux-i2c/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] i2c: Clear client->irq in i2c_device_remove


linux-input/
=============
   5  Re: Logitech high-resolution scrolling..
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/3] HID: debug: fix the ring buffer implementation
   1  [PATCH] HID: input: restore the hi-res scroll emulation to work on


linux-kbuild/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] fs: proc: move linux_proc_banner to where it is used
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/5] kbuild: Removes unnecessary shadowed local variable.
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/5] Creates macro to avoid variable shadowing


linux-kselftest/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] kselftests/bpf: use ping6 as the default ipv6 ping binary if it exists


linux-media/
=============
   1  divide error in vivid_vid_cap_s_dv_timings
   1  [PATCH v12 2/2] media: V3s: Add support for Allwinner CSI.
   1  [PATCH v12 1/2] dt-bindings: media: Add Allwinner V3s Camera Sensor Interface (CSI)
   1  [PATCH v12 0/2] Initial Allwinner V3s CSI Support
   1  [GIT PULL for v4.20-rc1] new experimental media request API
   1  [GIT PULL for v4.20-rc1] media updates
   1  WARNING in __vb2_queue_cancel
   1  Re: [PATCH] media: dvb: fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: [PATCH] dvb: Allow MAC addresses to be mapped to stable device
   1  Re: INFO: task hung in vivid_stop_generating_vid_cap
   1  KASAN: use-after-free Write in __vb2_cleanup_fileio
   1  KASAN: use-after-free Read in vb2_mmap


linux-mediatek/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] mm/page_owner: use kvmalloc instead of kmalloc
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] net:stmmac: dwmac-mediatek: add support for mt2712


linux-mtd/
=============
   1  [PATCH][next] ubifs: authentication: fix memory leak on error exit path
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] mtd: spi-nor: Add support for SPI boot flash access


linux-next/
=============
   2  Re: linux-next: manual merge of the compiler-attributes tree with
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the vfs tree with Linus' tree
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the compiler-attributes tree with the
   1  linux-next: Tree for Oct 30


linux-nfs/
=============
   1  [PATCH] SUNRPC: Fix iter_iov_*vec warnings
   1  Re: [PATCH] SUNRPC: Fix iter_iov_*vec warnings


linux-nvdimm/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH v5 4/4] mm: Defer ZONE_DEVICE page initialization to the


linux-pci/
=============
   1  Re: [v6 3/4] mpt3sas:Fix driver modifying persistent data.
   1  Re: [v6 2/4] mpt3sas: Fix Sync cache command failure during driver
   1  Re: [v6 1/4] mpt3sas: Separate out
   1  Re: [v6 0/4] mpt3sas: Hot-Plug Surprise removal support on IOC.
   1  Re: [PATCH] PCI/Layerscape: fix wrongly invoking of outbound window


linux-pm/
=============
   1  [PATCH v5 15/15] sched/core: uclamp: update CPU's refcount on TG's clamp changes
   1  [PATCH v5 14/15] sched/core: uclamp: use TG's clamps to restrict Task's clamps
   1  [PATCH v5 14/15] sched/core: uclamp: use TG's clamps to restrict TASK's clamps
   1  [PATCH v5 13/15] sched/core: uclamp: map TG's clamp values into CPU's clamp groups
   1  [PATCH v5 12/15] sched/core: uclamp: propagate parent clamps
   1  [PATCH v5 11/15] sched/core: uclamp: extend CPU's cgroup controller
   1  [PATCH v5 10/15] sched/cpufreq: uclamp: add utilization clamping for RT tasks
   1  [PATCH v5 09/15] sched/cpufreq: uclamp: add utilization clamping for FAIR tasks
   1  [PATCH v5 08/15] sched/core: uclamp: add system default clamps
   1  [PATCH v5 05/15] sched/core: uclamp: update CPU's refcount on clamp changes
   1  [PATCH v5 04/15] sched/core: uclamp: add CPU's clamp groups refcounting
   1  [PATCH v5 04/15] sched/core: uclamp: add CPU's clamp groups accounting
   1  [PATCH v5 03/15] sched/core: uclamp: map TASK's clamp values into CPU's clamp groups
   1  [PATCH v5 02/15] sched/core: make sched_setattr able to tune the current policy
   1  [PATCH v5 01/15] sched/core: uclamp: extend sched_setattr to support utilization clamping
   1  [PATCH v5 00/15] Add utilization clamping support
   1  [PATCH v3] thermal: qoriq: add multiple sensors support
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 14/15] sched/core: uclamp: use TG's clamps to restrict
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 04/15] sched/core: uclamp: add CPU's clamp groups
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 01/15] sched/core: uclamp: extend sched_setattr to


linux-rdma/
=============
   1  [mainline][bisected 55469b][ppc] build error at


linux-remoteproc/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v4 12/17] remoteproc: modify vring allocation to rely on


linux-renesas-soc/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] irqchip: Add support for Renesas RZ/N1 GPIO interrupt multiplexer
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] dt-bindings/interrupt-controller: rzn1: Add RZ/N1 gpio irq mux binding
   1  [PATCH v2 0/2] irqchip: Add support for Renesas RZ/N1 GPIO interrupt multiplexer


linux-riscv/
=============
   1  [PATCH] RISC-V: defconfig: Enable printk timestamps
   1  [PATCH 2/2] doc: re-run features-refresh.sh
   1  [PATCH 1/2] riscv: add ARCH_HAS_SG_CHAIN
   1  [PATCH 0/2] riscv: add ARCH_HAS_SG_CHAIN to Kconfig
   1  Re: [PATCH] riscv: fix trace_sys_exit hook


linux-rt-users/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH RT 1/2] x86/kconfig: Fall back to ticket spinlocks
   1  [PATCH RT 2/2] Linux 4.4.162-rt176-rc1
   1  [PATCH RT 1/2] x86/kconfig: Fall back to ticket spinlocks
   1  [PATCH RT 0/2] Linux v4.4.162-rt176-rc1
   1  [ANNOUNCE] v4.19-rt1
   1  [ANNOUNCE] 4.4.162-rt175
   1  Re: [ANNOUNCE] 4.4.162-rt175


linux-scsi/
=============
   1  scsi_set_medium_removal timeout issue 
   1  Re: [PATCH 11/14] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/14] blk-mq: ensure that plug lists don't straddle
   1  RE: scsi_set_medium_removal timeout issue


linux-security-module/
=============
   1  [PATCH] apparmor: clean an indentation issue, remove extraneous space
   1  [PATCH v3 5/5] tpm: ensure that output of PCR read contains the correct digest size
   1  [PATCH v3 4/5] tpm: retrieve digest size of unknown algorithms with PCR read
   1  [PATCH v3 3/5] tpm: modify tpm_pcr_read() definition to pass a TPM hash algorithm
   1  [PATCH v3 2/5] tpm: rename and export tpm2_digest and tpm2_algorithms
   1  [PATCH v3 1/5] tpm: change the end marker of the active_banks array to zero
   1  [PATCH v3 0/5] tpm: retrieve digest size of unknown algorithms from TPM
   1  [PATCH  v2] tpm: add support for partial reads


linux-serial/
=============
   1  [PATCH 5/7] serial: 8250: Process sysrq at port unlock time
   1  [PATCH 3/7] serial: qcom_geni_serial: Process sysrq at port unlock time
   1  [PATCH 1/7] serial: qcom_geni_serial: Finish supporting sysrq
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/7] serial: core: Allow processing sysrq at port unlock time


linux-soc/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add reserve-memory nodes


linux-spi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] spi: dw: fix buffer end address


linux-tip-commits/
=============
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/paravirt: Remove unused _paravirt_ident_32
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/paravirt: Remove GPL from pv_ops export
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/numa_emulation: Fix uniform-split numa
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/mm/pat: Disable preemption around
   1  [tip:perf/urgent] perf/core: Clean up inconsisent indentation


linux-usb/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] USB: Don't enable LPM if it's already enabled
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] xhci: Add quirk to workaround the errata seen on
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/4 v5] memstick: Prevent memstick host from getting
   1  [PATCH] uwb: clean an indentation issue, remove extraneous tab
   1  [PATCH] USB: gadget: udc: fix spelling mistake "intrerrupt" -> "interrupt"
   1  [PATCH] USB: Don't enable LPM if it's already enabled
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] xhci: Add quirk to workaround the errata seen on
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/10] hikey960: Support usb functionality of Hikey960


linux-watchdog/
=============
   1  [PATCH v5 8/8] watchdog: stpmic1: add stpmic1 watchdog driver
   1  [PATCH v5 7/8] dt-bindings: watchdog: document stpmic1 pmic watchdog
   1  [PATCH v5 6/8] input: stpmic1: add stpmic1 onkey driver
   1  [PATCH v5 5/8] dt-bindings: input: document stpmic1 pmic onkey
   1  [PATCH v5 4/8] regulator: stpmic1: add stpmic1 regulator driver
   1  [PATCH v5 3/8] dt-bindings: regulator: document stpmic1 pmic
   1  [PATCH v5 2/8] mfd: stpmic1: add stpmic1 driver
   1  [PATCH v5 1/8] dt-bindings: mfd: document stpmic1
   1  [PATCH v5 0/8] Introduce STPMIC1 PMIC Driver


linuxppc-dev/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arch: fix without checked-return value with lseek


ltp/
=============
   1  Re: RFC: changed error code when binding unix socket twice


openipmi-developer/
=============
   1  [PATCH] ipmi: clean an indentation issue, remove extraneous space


openvswitch-dev/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 30 (openvswitch:


osuosl-devel/
=============
   2  RE: [PATCH] binder: ipc namespace support for android binder
   1  [PATCH] staging: xgifb: clean an indentation issue
   1  [PATCH] staging: vt6656: clean up few indentation issues
   1  [PATCH] staging: speakup: clean up few indentation issues
   1  Re: [PATCH] media: davinci_vpfe: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
   1  Re: [PATCH] binder: ipc namespace support for android binder


platform-driver-x86/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 3/4] platform/x86: intel_pmc_core: Decode Snoop / Non
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] platform/x86: intel_pmc_core: Show Latency
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] platform/x86: intel_telemetry: report debugfs failure
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] platform/x86: intel_telemetry: report debugfs
   1  Re: Re: [PATCH V3 3/5] misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support


qemu-devel/
=============
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 20/20] milkymist-minimac2: Use
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 19/20] ppc: move at24c to its own CONFIG_
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 18/20] hw/intc/gicv3: Remove useless
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 17/20] hw/pci-host: Remove useless parenthesis
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 16/20] tests/bios-tables-test: Remove an
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 15/20] xen: Use the PCI_DEVICE macro
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 14/20] qobject: Catch another straggler for
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 13/20] configure: Support pkg-config for zlib
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 12/20] tests: Fix typos in comments and help
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 11/20] cpu.h: fix a typo in comment
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 10/20] linux-user: fix comment
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 09/20] qemu-iotests: make 218 executable
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 07/20] scripts/decodetree.py: remove unused
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 06/20] docs/devel/testing.rst: add missing
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 05/20] qemu-iotests: fix filename containing
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 04/20] tests/tcg/README: fix location for lm32
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 03/20] memory.h: fix typos in comments
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 02/20] vga_int: remove unused function protype
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 01/20] configs/alpha: Remove unused
   1  [Xen-devel] [PULL v2 00/20] Qemu trivial for 3.1 patches
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [Qemu-devel] [PATCH v3 01/19] hw: i386: Decouple


virtualization/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] drm/bochs: add edid support.
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/5] drm/virtio: add uapi for in and out explicit fences
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] drm/bochs: add edid support.
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/2] drm/virtio: add edid support


xen-devel/
=============
   6  Re: [Xen-devel] Interrupt injection with ISR set on Intel hardware
   5  Re: [Xen-devel] [Xen-users] [XEN][ARM] WiFi bridge creation
   4  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 3/7] x86/pvh: allow PVH Dom0 to use the
   2  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus bisection] complete
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] arm,
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 5/5] xen/keyhandler: Drop
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v1 5/6] x86/vvmx: correctly report vvmcs size
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v1 1/6] x86/vvmx: introduce vvmcx_valid()
   1  [Xen-devel] [xen-4.9-testing baseline-only test] 75535: trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75546: regressions - FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75543: tolerable FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75537: tolerable FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus test] 129105: regressions - trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [linux-4.4 test] 129123: regressions - FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [distros-debian-snapshot test] 75544: trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [XEN][ARM] WiFi bridge creation
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/pv: Fix crash when using `xl set-parameter
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] use consistent values when consuming
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v6] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/1] tools/ocaml: Re-introduce Xenctrl.with_intf
   1  [Xen-devel] FOSDEM Devrooms (CfP deadlines for relevant DevRooms
   1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 6/8] docs: documentation
   1  [PATCH] xen-blkfront: fix kernel panic with negotiate_mq error path
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] dom0/pvh: Dom0 PVH with PCI passthrough support
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 08/16] xen/arm: p2m: Handle translation fault
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 07/16] xen/arm: p2m: Introduce p2m_is_valid
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/pv: Fix crash when using `xl
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] use consistent values when consuming
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 4/8] libxl: support unmapping static
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 3/8] libxl: support mapping static shared
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 2/8] libxl: introduce a new structure to
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 0/8] Allow setting up shared memory areas
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 22/25] xen/arm: Allow vpl011 to be used
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 21/25] xen: support console_switching
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 11/25] xen/arm: introduce allocate_memory
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 08/25] xen/arm: probe domU kernels and
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 07/25] xen/arm: don't add duplicate boot
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 03/15] libxl_qmp: Implement fd callback
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 7/7] amd/pvh: enable ACPI C1E disable
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 5/5] x86: Reorganise and rename debug
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 2/7] x86/hvm: introduce a define for the
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 1/7] x86/pvh: fix TSC mode setup for PVH
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v1] x86/hvm: Clean up may_defer from hvm_*
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v1 4/6] x86/vvmx: add
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v1 3/6] x86/vvmx: add
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH RFC] VMX: fix vmx_handle_eoi()
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/4] x86/vvmx: Don't handle unknown nested
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/8] viridian: move the code into its own
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/4] xen/arm: gic: Ensure we have an ISB
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/4] x86/vvmx: Unconditionally initialise
   1  Re: [PATCH] xen-swiotlb: exchange memory with Xen only when pages are


