
0_Ingo_Molnar/
=============
      1  Re: [patch 0/9] time: Add SPDX identifiers and cleanup boilerplates
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] x86/vsmp_64.c: Remove dependency on pv_irq_ops


0_kernel-hardening/
=============
      1  [PATCH v6 5/5] sidechannel: Linux Security Module for sidechannel
      1  [PATCH v6 4/5] Capability: Complete PTRACE_MODE_SCHED
      1  [PATCH v6 3/5] SELinux: Prepare for PTRACE_MODE_SCHED
      1  [PATCH v6 2/5] Smack: Prepare for PTRACE_MODE_SCHED
      1  [PATCH v6 1/5] AppArmor: Prepare for PTRACE_MODE_SCHED
      1  [PATCH v6 0/5] LSM: Support ptrace sidechannel access checks
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 5/5] sidechannel: Linux Security Module for sidechannel


0_linux-kernel/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH] driver core: Add branch prediction hints in really_probe()
      4  Re: [LKP] [mm] 9bc8039e71: will-it-scale.per_thread_ops -64.1%
      3  Re: [RFC PATCH] x86/mm/fault: Allow stack access below %rsp
      3  Re: [PATCH] slab.h: Avoid using & for logical and of booleans
      3  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/jump_label: Use text_poke_early() during early_init
      3  Re: [PATCH v2] kobject: to use pr_warn replace KERN_WARNING
      3  Re: [PATCH RFC] hist lookups
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 1/1] pipe: busy wait for pipe
      2  Re: [Patch v4 17/18] x86/speculation: Update SPEC_CTRL MSRs of remote
      2  Re: [PATCH] arch/arm64 : fix error in dump_backtrace
      2  Re: [LKP] [xarray] 0e9446c35a:
      2  Re: [LKP] [tools/bpf] f6f3bac08f: stderr.failed_to_prepare_for_bpf
      2  RE: [PATCH] slab.h: Avoid using & for logical and of booleans
      2  RE: [PATCH V2 2/2] clocksource: imx-gpt: add necessary kfree to avoid
      1  [regression 4.20-rc1, bisected] cpufreq fails to register on db820c
      1  [Patch v4] genirq/matrix: Choose CPU for managed IRQs based on how many of them are allocated
      1  [PATCH] x86/cpufeatures: Remove get_scattered_cpuid_leaf()
      1  [PATCH] sched/rt: Add a check for calling update_curr_rt()
      1  [PATCH] lib/raid6: Fix arm64 test build
      1  [PATCH] lib/genaloc: Fix allocation of aligned buffer from non-aligned chunk
      1  [PATCH] driver core: fix comments for device_block_probing()
      1  [PATCH] driver core: Add branch prediction hints in really_probe()
      1  [PATCH] clocksource/drivers/timer-imx-tpm: convert the driver to
      1  [PATCH] arch/arm64 : fix error in dump_backtrace
      1  [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: add maintainer for C-SKY drivers
      1  [PATCH v3] x86/vsmp_64.c: Remove dependency on pv_irq_ops
      1  [PATCH v2] x86/tsc: make calibration refinement more robust
      1  [PATCH v2] kobject: to use pr_warn replace KERN_WARNING
      1  [PATCH v2 10/10] sched/fair: Provide idle search schedstats
      1  [PATCH v2 1/3] lib: cordic: Move cordic macros and defines to header file
      1  [PATCH v2 09/10] sched/fair: disable stealing if too many NUMA nodes
      1  [PATCH v2 08/10] sched/fair: Steal work from an overloaded CPU when CPU goes idle
      1  [PATCH v2 07/10] sched/fair: Provide can_migrate_task_llc
      1  [PATCH v2 06/10] sched/fair: Generalize the detach_task interface
      1  [PATCH v2 05/10] sched/fair: Hoist idle_stamp up from idle_balance
      1  [PATCH v2 04/10] sched/fair: Dynamically update cfs_overload_cpus
      1  [PATCH v2 03/10] sched/topology: Provide cfs_overload_cpus bitmap
      1  [PATCH v2 02/10] sched/topology: Provide hooks to allocate data shared per LLC
      1  [PATCH v2 01/10] sched: Provide sparsemask, a reduced contention bitmap
      1  [PATCH v2 00/10] steal tasks to improve CPU utilization
      1  [PATCH v2 0/3] wireless: Use common cordic algorithm for b43 driver
      1  [PATCH v15 3/3]: perf record: extend trace writing to multi AIO
      1  [PATCH v15 2/3]: perf record: enable asynchronous trace writing
      1  [PATCH v15 1/3]: perf util: map data buffer for preserving collected
      1  [PATCH v15 0/3]: perf: reduce data loss when profiling highly
      1  Suggestion for intergrated DOC type (like SQLite but a variable) 
      1  Re: [regression 4.20-rc1, bisected] cpufreq fails to register on
      1  Re: [Patch v4 03/18] x86/speculation: Reorganize cpu_show_common()
      1  Re: [PATCH] modsign: use all trusted keys to verify module signature
      1  Re: [PATCH] driver core: fix comments for device_block_probing()
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/jump_label: Use text_poke_early() during e=
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/jump_label: Use text_poke_early() durin=
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/jump_label: Use text_poke_early() dur=
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC 1/1] drivers: pinctrl: qcom: add wakeup capability to GPIO
      1  Re: [PATCH 8/8] pstore/ram: Correctly calculate usable PRZ bytes
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] perf: Add munmap callback
      1  Re: [PATCH 00/10] steal tasks to improve CPU utilization
      1  Re: [Announce] LPC 2018: Testing and Fuzzing Microconference
      1  Re: Re: [PATCH v2] bit_spinlock: introduce smp_cond_load_relaxed
      1  Re: PLEASE READ: kernelci.org bot email problems
      1  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle
      1  Re: GNU Kind Communication Guidelines / New Code Of Conduct = Insufficient Pseudoreligion


1_kernel_test_robot/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v6 1/2] overlayfs: check CAP_DAC_READ_SEARCH before
      2  Re: [PATCH v4 2/3] media: meson: add v4l2 m2m video decoder driver
      1  drivers/staging/media/sunxi/cedrus/cedrus.c:421:3-8: No need to set
      1  [SPAM] drivers/acpi/acpi_processor.o: warning: objtool:
      1  [SPAM] Re: [driver-core PATCH v5 5/9] driver core: Establish
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH v2 4/7] lightnvm: pblk: set conservative
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH v10 3/4] ipc: Make the new sequence number
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 1/2] firmware: add nowarn variant of
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] mm: Create the new vm_fault_t type
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/7] lightnvm: pblk: set conservative threshold for
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/7] lightnvm: pblk: set conservative threshold for user


ANDROID_ION_Laura_Abbott/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: mm: dump: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro


ARM_SPREADTRUM_Baolin_Wang/
=============
      1  [RESEND PATCH 7/7] dmaengine: sprd: Add me as one of the module authors
      1  [RESEND PATCH 6/7] dmaengine: sprd: Support DMA 2-stage transfer mode
      1  [RESEND PATCH 5/7] dmaengine: sprd: Support DMA link-list cyclic callback
      1  [RESEND PATCH 4/7] dmaengine: sprd: Set cur_desc as NULL when free or terminate one dma channel
      1  [RESEND PATCH 3/7] dmaengine: sprd: Fix the last link-list configuration
      1  [RESEND PATCH 2/7] dmaengine: sprd: Get transfer residue depending on the transfer direction
      1  [RESEND PATCH 1/7] dmaengine: sprd: Remove direction usage from struct dma_slave_config
      1  [RESEND PATCH 0/7] Add some fixes and new feature for SPRD DMA


Aaro_Koskinen/
=============
      2  Re: [REGRESSION] OCTEON MMC driver failure with v4.19


AceLan_Kao/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2 2/2] nvme: add quirk to not call disable function when suspending
      1  [PATCH v2 1/2] pci: prevent sk hynix nvme from entering D3
      1  [PATCH 2/2] nvme: add quirk to not call disable function when suspending
      1  [PATCH 1/2] pci: prevent sk hynix nvme from entering D3
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] nvme: add quirk to not call disable function when suspending
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] pci: prevent sk hynix nvme from entering D3


Adrian_Hunter/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 1/5] perf tools: Add fallback functions for cases where
      2  RE: [PATCH 1/5] perf tools: Add fallback functions for cases where


Al_Cooper/
=============
      1  [PATCH V3 6/6] usb: host: Add ability to build new Broadcom STB USB drivers
      1  [PATCH V3 5/6] usb: ehci: Add new EHCI driver for Broadcom STB SoC's
      1  [PATCH V3 4/6] usb: ohci-platform: Add support for Broadcom STB SoC's
      1  [PATCH V3 3/6] usb: xhci: xhci-plat: Add support for Broadcom STB SoC's
      1  [PATCH V3 2/6] usb: core: Add ability to skip phy exit on suspend and init on resume
      1  [PATCH V3 1/6] dt-bindings: Add Broadcom STB OHCI, EHCI and XHCI binding document
      1  [PATCH V3 0/6] Add XHCI, EHCI and OHCI support for Broadcom STB SoS's
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 6/6] usb: host: Add ability to build new Broadcom STB


Alan_Stern/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 4/6] usb: gadget: add functions to signal udc driver to


Alex_Williamson/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v4 06/13] vfio: parallelize vfio_pin_map_dma
      1  Re: Need to scale down the time to release multiple vfio devices


Andrew_Lunn/
=============
      1  Re: [bindings][PATCH] bindings/net: DPAA Backplane Device Bindings


Andrew_Morton/
=============
      1  mm/z3fold.c: fix wrong handling of headless pages
      1  Re: [PATCH] z3fold: fix possible reclaim races
      1  Re: [PATCH] slab.h: Avoid using & for logical and of booleans
      1  Re: [PATCH] psi: simplify cgroup_move_task
      1  Re: [PATCH] mm/mmu_notifier: rename mmu_notifier_synchronize() to
      1  Re: [PATCH] hugetlbfs: fix kernel BUG at fs/hugetlbfs/inode.c:444!
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/2] memory_hotplug: Free pages as higher order


Andy_Shevchenko/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 3/4] of/property: Introduce of_fwnode_name()
      1  Re: [PATCH 6/6] device property: Remove struct property_set


Ard_Biesheuvel/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH v3 4/6] arm64: Utilize phys_initrd_start/phys_initrd_size
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v3 10/15] crypto: poly1305 - use structures for key
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v3 08/15] crypto: arm/chacha20 - refactor to allow
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v3 07/15] crypto: arm/chacha20 - add XChaCha20 support
      1  Re: [PATCH] lib/raid6: Fix arm64 test build
      1  Re: [PATCH] efi/libstub: Disable some warnings for x86{,_64}
      1  Re: [PATCH] arm64/module: use plt section indices for relocations
      1  Re: [PATCH] arm/crypto/aes-ce-glue.c: Remove duplicate header
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] crypto: streebog - add Streebog hash function
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64/module: use plt section indices for relocations


Arend_van_Spriel/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] lib: cordic: Move cordic macros and defines to
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/3] b43: Use cordic algorithm from kernel library


Arnaud_Pouliquen/
=============
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: core: Invoke pcm_new() for all


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: skl: always select SND_SOC_HDAC_HDA
      1  Re: [PATCH] riscv: add asm/unistd.h UAPI header
      1  Re: [PATCH] btrfs: avoid link error with CONFIG_NO_AUTO_INLINE
      1  Re: [PATCH] EDAC: skx_edac: add ACPI dependency
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 4/4] xtensa: generate uapi header and syscall table
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 6/6] usb: host: Add ability to build new Broadcom STB
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC 2/3] mmc: sdhci-omap: Add using external dma
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC 1/3] mmc: sdhci: add support for using external DMA devices


Bart_Van_Assche/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH] slab.h: Avoid using & for logical and of booleans
      1  [PATCH] slab.h: Avoid using & for logical and of booleans
      1  Re: [driver-core PATCH v5 4/9] driver core: Move
      1  Re: [driver-core PATCH v5 1/9] workqueue: Provide queue_work_node
      1  Re: [driver-core PATCH v5 0/9] Add NUMA aware async_schedule calls
      1  Re: [PATCH] block: respect virtual boundary mask in bvecs


Bartlomiej_Zolnierkiewicz/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 00/17] thermal: enable+check sensor after its setup


Bjorn_Andersson/
=============
      1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845-mtp: Mark protected gcc clocks
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 17/17] arm64: dts: qcom: pms405: Add pon and pwrkey
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 15/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add BAM DMA node
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 14/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: add prng-ee node
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 13/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add remoteproc nodes
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 11/17] arm64: dts: qcom: pms405: add gpios
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 09/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: add spmi node
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 05/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: add smp2p nodes
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 01/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: add base dts files
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] clk: qcom: Support 'protected-clocks' property
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: clk: Introduce 'protected-clocks'


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v6 2/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add support for Amlogic
      1  Re: [PATCH] mtd: spi-nor: cadence-quadspi: Fix the return value in
      1  Re: [PATCH] mtd: nand: drop kernel-doc notation for a deleted
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] mtd: sa1100: avoid VLA in sa1100_setup_mtd
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] mtd: rawnand: stm32_fmc2: add STM32 FMC2 NAND
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mtd: docg3: don't set conflicting BCH_CONST_PARAMS


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] kobject: to use pr_warn replace KERN_WARNING


CHROME_Olof_Johansson/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 5/6] arm64: zynqmp: Add DDRC node


Chao_Yu/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] f2fs: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro


Chen-Yu_Tsai/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] clk: sunxi-ng: sun50i: h6: Fix MMC clock mux width


Christian_Koenig/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] drm/syncobj: Fix oops on


Christoffer_Dall/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH] KVM: arm64: Clarify explanation of STAGE2_PGTABLE_LEVELS
      1  [PATCH v2] KVM: arm64: Clarify explanation of STAGE2_PGTABLE_LEVELS
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/4] arm64: KVM: Implement workaround for Cortex-A76
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/4] arm64: KVM: Install stage-2 translation before
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] KVM: arm64: Allow implementations to be confined to
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] KVM: arm64: Rework detection of SVE, !VHE systems


Christoph_Hellwig/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC 0/2] RISC-V: A proposal to add vendor-specific code
      1  Re: [REGRESSION] OCTEON MMC driver failure with v4.19
      1  Re: [PATCH] x86/pci: Annotate 'pci_root_ops' with __ro_after_init
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] nvme: add quirk to not call disable function when
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] pci: prevent sk hynix nvme from entering D3
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/1] vhost: add vhost_blk driver


DRM_DRIVERS_AND_MISC_GPU_PATCHES_Sean_Paul/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: msm/dsi: Add ref clock for 10nm PHY
      1  Re: [Freedreno] [PATCH 2/2] drm/msm/dsi: Get PHY ref clock from the


Dan_Williams/
=============
      1  Re: [tip:x86/urgent] x86/mm/pat: Disable preemption around __flush_tlb_all()
      1  Re: [PATCH] docs: Extend trusted keys documentation for TPM 2.0


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH V2 2/2] clocksource: imx-gpt: add necessary kfree to avoid
      1  Re: [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: add maintainer for C-SKY drivers
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] clocksource/drivers/fttmr010: fix invalid interrupt


Daniel_Thompson/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] arch/arm64 : fix error in dump_backtrace
      1  [PATCH] arm64: Use %pB to print backtrace symbols


David_ChunMing_Zhou/
=============
      1  RE: [PATCH] drm/syncobj: Fix oops on


David_S_Miller/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH RFC] hist lookups
      1  [GIT] Networking
      1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Nov 5 (net/ipv6/af_inet6)
      1  Re: [PATCH] staging: net: ipv4: tcp_westwood: fixed warnings and
      1  Re: [PATCH] net: skbuff.h: remove unnecessary unlikely()
      1  Re: [PATCH] net: core: netpoll: Enable netconsole IPv6 link local
      1  Re: [PATCH] net: alx: make alx_drv_name static
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/4] sparc: add system call table generation support
      1  Re: [PATCH V2 2/7] net: lorawan: Add LoRaWAN socket module
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] perf tools: Add fallback functions for cases where


Davidlohr_Bueso/
=============
      1  [PATCH 2/2] perf-bench: Add epoll_ctl(2) benchmark
      1  [PATCH 1/2] perf-bench: Add epoll parallel epoll_wait benchmark
      1  [PATCH 0/2] perf-bench: introduce epoll benchmarks


Dinh_Nguyen/
=============
      1  [PATCHv3 2/3] reset: socfpga: add an early reset driver for SoCFPGA
      1  [PATCH 3/3] ARM: socfpga: dts: document "altr,stratix10-rst-mgr" binding
      1  [PATCH 1/3] arm64: dts: stratix10: use "altr,stratix10-rst-mgr" binding
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] arm64: dts: stratix10: fix multicast filtering
      1  Re: [PATCH RESEND] arm: dts: socfpga*.dts*: use


Dmitry_Osipenko/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 4.14 069/143] ARM: tegra: Fix ULPI regression on Tegra20


Dominique_Martinet/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v15 23/26] sched: early boot clock


Dong_Aisheng/
=============
      2  RE: [PATCH RESEND V4 0/9] clk: add imx7ulp clk support
      1  [PATCH RESEND V4 0/9] clk: add imx7ulp clk support


Eduardo_Valentin/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 00/17] thermal: enable+check sensor after its setup is


Eric_Anholt/
=============
      1  [PATCH] drm/syncobj: Fix oops on drm_syncobj_find_fence(file_priv, 0, ...).


Felipe_Balbi/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 4/6] usb: gadget: add functions to signal udc driver to delay status stage


Florian_Fainelli/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v3 4/6] arm64: Utilize phys_initrd_start/phys_initrd_size
      1  [PATCH] ARM: BCM63XX: Enable reset controller support
      1  [PATCH v4 6/6] arch: Move initrd= parsing into do_mounts_initrd.c
      1  [PATCH v4 5/6] of/fdt: Remove custom __early_init_dt_declare_initrd() implementation
      1  [PATCH v4 4/6] arm64: Utilize phys_initrd_start/phys_initrd_size
      1  [PATCH v4 3/6] of/fdt: Populate phys_initrd_start/phys_initrd_size from FDT
      1  [PATCH v4 2/6] arch: Make phys_initrd_start and phys_initrd_size global variables
      1  [PATCH v4 1/6] nds32: Remove phys_initrd_start and phys_initrd_size
      1  [PATCH v4 0/6] arm64: Get rid of __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
      1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: dts: NSP: Move aliases to bcm-nsp.dtsi
      1  Re: [PATCH net] net: phy: Allow BCM54616S PHY to setup internal TX/RX
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] bus: brcmstb_gisb: simplify getting .driver_data


Frank_Rowand/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes


Gao_Xiang/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v2] bit_spinlock: introduce smp_cond_load_relaxed
      1  [RFC PATCH v2 2/2] fscrypt: enable RCU-walk path for .d_revalidate
      1  [RFC PATCH v2 1/2] fscrypt: remove d_lock on reading DCACHE_ENCRYPTED_WITH_KEY


Geert_Uytterhoeven/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 0/2] pinctrl: sh-pfc: r8a77965: Add VIN4 and VIN5
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] Build regressions/improvements in v4.20-rc1 (sound/pci/hda/patch_ca0132.c)
      1  Re: [PATCH] fls: Change parameter to unsigned int
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 1/2] leds: core: Introduce LED pattern trigger
      1  Re: Build regressions/improvements in v4.20-rc1 (sound/pci/hda/patch_ca0132.c)
      1  Re: Build regressions/improvements in v4.20-rc1
      1  Build regressions/improvements in v4.20-rc1


Greentime_Hu/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/5] nds32 FPU port


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v1] watchdog: npcm: Modify npcm watchdog kconfig arch
      1  Re: [PATCH 19/28] perf beauty: Wire up the mmap flags table


Hans_Verkuil/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] media: v4l: fix uapi mpeg slice params definition


Hauke_Mehrtens/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 4.19 28/57] watchdog: lantiq: update register


Heikki_Krogerus/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 3/4] of/property: Introduce of_fwnode_name()
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] usb: typec: tcpm: charge current handling for


Heiko_Stuebner/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] i2c: rk3x: fix some typo


Hyper-V-linux-driver-devel/
=============
      1  [PATCH]  x86/hyper-v: fix a commit description style in the comments
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/2] memory_hotplug: Free pages as higher order


INTEL_MANAGEMENT_ENGINE_Tomas_Winkler/
=============
      1  [char-misc-next 3/3] mei: expedite ioctl return on the notify set operation error
      1  [char-misc-next 2/3] mei: flush queues by the host client only
      1  [char-misc-next 1/3] mei: hbm: drop BUG() from the hbm handler


Jacopo_Mondi/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 0/2] pinctrl: sh-pfc: r8a77965: Add VIN4 and VIN5
      1  Re: i.MX6 MIPI-CSI2 OV5640 Camera testing on Mainline Linux
      1  Re: [PATCH] [media] ov7670: make "xclk" clock optional


James_Morse/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/4] arm64: KVM: Implement workaround for Cortex-A76


Jan_Kara/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] mm: introduce page->dma_pinned_flags, _count


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH v15 23/23] x86/sgx: Driver documentation
      3  Re: [PATCH v15 16/23] x86/sgx: Enumerate and track EPC sections
      2  Re: [PATCH v3 4/5] tpm: retrieve digest size of unknown algorithms
      2  Re: [PATCH v15 15/23] x86/sgx: Add wrappers for ENCLS leaf functions
      1  [PATCH v16 22/22] x86/sgx: SGX documentation
      1  [PATCH v16 21/22] platform/x86: ptrace() support for the SGX driver
      1  [PATCH v16 20/22] x86/sgx: Add a simple swapper for the EPC memory manager
      1  [PATCH v16 19/22] platform/x86: sgx: Add swapping functionality to the Intel SGX driver
      1  [PATCH v16 18/22] platform/x86: Intel SGX driver
      1  [PATCH v16 17/22] x86/sgx: Add sgx_einit() for initializing enclaves
      1  [PATCH v16 16/22] x86/sgx: Add functions to allocate and free EPC pages
      1  [PATCH v16 15/22] x86/sgx: Enumerate and track EPC sections
      1  [PATCH v16 14/22] x86/sgx: Add wrappers for ENCLS leaf functions
      1  [PATCH v16 13/22] x86/msr: Add SGX Launch Control MSR definitions
      1  [PATCH v16 12/22] x86/sgx: Add definitions for SGX's CPUID leaf and variable sub-leafs
      1  [PATCH v16 11/22] x86/sgx: Add SGX1 and SGX2 architectural data structures
      1  [PATCH v16 10/22] x86/sgx: Add ENCLS architectural error codes
      1  [PATCH v16 09/22] x86/sgx: Define SGX1 and SGX2 ENCLS leafs
      1  [PATCH v16 08/22] x86/mm: x86/sgx: Signal SIGSEGV for userspace #PFs w/ PF_SGX
      1  [PATCH v16 07/22] x86/mm: x86/sgx: Add new 'PF_SGX' page fault error code bit
      1  [PATCH v16 06/22] x86/cpu/intel: Detect SGX support and update caps appropriately
      1  [PATCH v16 05/22] x86/cpufeatures: Add Intel-defined SGX_LC feature bit
      1  [PATCH v16 04/22] x86/msr: Add IA32_FEATURE_CONTROL.SGX_ENABLE definition
      1  [PATCH v16 03/22] x86/cpufeatures: Add SGX sub-features (as Linux-defined bits)
      1  [PATCH v16 02/22] x86/cpufeatures: Add Intel-defined SGX feature bit
      1  [PATCH v16 01/22] x86/sgx: Update MAINTAINERS
      1  [PATCH v16 00/22] Intel SGX1 support
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 08/16] tpm: move tpm_validate_commmand() to
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 07/16] tpm: access command header through struct in
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 06/16] tpm: clean up tpm_try_transmit() error handling
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 05/16] tpm: print tpm2_commit_space() error inside
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 04/16] tpm: call tpm2_flush_space() on error in
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 03/16] tpm: return 0 from pcrs_show() when
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 01/16] tpm: use tpm_buf in tpm_transmit_cmd() as the


Jason_Wang/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 0/5] VSOCK: support mergeable rx buffer in vhost-vsock
      1  Re: [PATCH] vhost/vsock: switch to a mutex for vhost_vsock_hash
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] vhost/vsock: fix use-after-free in network stack
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/5] VSOCK: support receive mergeable rx buffer in guest
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] VSOCK: support fill data to mergeable rx buffer in
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] VSOCK: support fill mergeable rx buffer in guest
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] vhost: add per-vq worker thread
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/1] vhost: add vhost_blk driver


Jeff_Layton/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 04/12] gfs2: properly initial file_lock used for unlock.


Jens_Axboe/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/4] irq: fix support for allocating sets of IRQs


Jerome_Brunet/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] clk: meson-gxbb: set fclk_div3 as CLK_IS_CRITICAL


Jessica_Yu/
=============
      1  [PATCH] arm64/module: use plt section indices for relocations
      1  [PATCH v2] arm64/module: use plt section indices for relocations
      1  Re: [PATCH] modsign: use all trusted keys to verify module signature
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64/module: use plt section indices for relocations


Jiri_Kosina/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] HID: asus: fix build warning wiht CONFIG_ASUS_WMI


Joel_Stanley/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] poewrpc/Boot: Fix cross compiling with clang


Joerg_Roedel/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] iommu/vtd: Fix NULL pointer dereference in


John_Garry/
=============
      1  [PATCH] of, numa: Validate some distance map rules


John_Stultz/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC][PATCH] wlcore: Fixup "Add support for optional wakeirq"


Juergen_Gross/
=============
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3] CONFIG_XEN_PV breaks
      1  Re: [PATCH] xen/grant-table: Fix incorrect gnttab_dma_free_pages()
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] xen-blkfront: fix kernel panic with negotiate_mq error


KDUMP_Baoquan_He/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH] mm, memory_hotplug: teach has_unmovable_pages about of
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 0/3] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH] kvm: Use huge pages for DAX-backed files


Karel_Zak/
=============
      1  [ANNOUNCE] util-linux v2.33


Kees_Cook/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: mm: dump: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  Re: [PATCH 8/8] pstore/ram: Correctly calculate usable PRZ bytes


Keith_Busch/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] block: respect virtual boundary mask in bvecs


Kieran_Bingham/
=============
      1  Re: [RFT PATCH v3 5/6] uvcvideo: queue: Support asynchronous buffer
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 6/6] media: uvcvideo: Move decode processing to process
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 4/6] media: uvcvideo: queue: Simplify spin-lock usage


Kishon_Vijay_Abraham_I/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.
      1  RE: [PATCH 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
      3  Re: [LKP] [mm] 9bc8039e71: will-it-scale.per_thread_ops -64.1% regression
      3  Re: [LKP] [mm] 9bc8039e71: will-it-scale.per_thread_ops -64.1%
      2  Re: [LKP] [xarray] 0e9446c35a: WARNING:at_include/linux/xarray.h:#xa_mk_value
      2  Re: [LKP] [xarray] 0e9446c35a:
      1  Re: [GIT] Networking


Lubomir_Rintel/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] [media] ov7670: make "xclk" clock optional


Lucas_Stach/
=============
      1  [PATCH 2/2] dmaengine: imx-sdma: don't print warning when firmware is absent
      1  [PATCH 1/2] firmware: add nowarn variant of request_firmware_nowait()


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH] mm, memory_hotplug: teach has_unmovable_pages about of
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH v4 00/13] ktask: multithread CPU-intensive kernel work
      1  [PATCH] mm, memory_hotplug: check zone_movable in has_unmovable_pages
      1  Re: kstrdup_quotable_cmdline and gfp flags
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 2/2] memcg: do not report racy no-eligible OOM tasks
      1  Re: [PATCH] mm/mmu_notifier: rename mmu_notifier_synchronize() to
      1  Re: [PATCH v6] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 2/2] mm/page_alloc: remove software prefetching in
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/2] memory_hotplug: Free pages as higher order
      1  Re: [PATCH v5] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
      1  Re: [PATCH v4] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: Create the new vm_fault_t type
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] Document /proc/pid PID reuse behavior
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/1] memory_hotplug: fix the panic when memory end is
      1  Re: [PATCH 2] mm/kvmalloc: do not call kmalloc for size >


Marc_Zyngier/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 09/10] irqchip: ti-sci-inta: Add support for Interrupt


Marcel_Holtmann/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v1 3/4] Bluetooth: hci_qca: clear HCI_QUIRK_RESET_ON_CLOSE


Mark_Brown/
=============
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] Build regressions/improvements in v4.20-rc1


Mark_Rutland/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH] arch/arm64 : fix error in dump_backtrace
      1  Re: [RFC 1/2] dt-bindings: topology: Add RISC-V cpu topology.


Martin_K_Petersen/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: qla2xxx: Fix a typo in MODULE_PARM_DESC
      1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: myrs: only build on little-endian platforms
      1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: myrs: avoid stack overflow warning
      1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: myrb: fix sprintf buffer overflow warning
      1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: lpfc: fix remoteport access
      1  Re: [PATCH] NCR5380: Return false instead of NULL
      1  Re: [PATCH -next] scsi: hisi_sas: Remove set but not used variable 'dq_list'


Masahiro_Yamada/
=============
      1  [PATCH] kbuild: deb-pkg: fix too low build version number
      1  [PATCH v2 2/2] kbuild: consolidate Clang compiler flags
      1  [PATCH v2 1/2] kbuild: add -no-integrated-as Clang option unconditionally
      1  Re: [PATCH] fs: proc: move linux_proc_banner to where it is used
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 0/2] dmaengine: add UniPhier MIO DMAC driver


Mathieu_Poirier/
=============
      1  [PATCH 3/3] coresight: etm3x: Release CLAIM tag when operated from perf
      1  [PATCH 2/3] coresight: etf: Release CLAIM tag after disabling the HW
      1  [PATCH 1/3] coresight: etb10: Add support for CLAIM tag
      1  [PATCH 0/3] coresight: Fix miscellaneous problems with CLAIM tags 


Matt_Turner/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/5] alpha: system call table generation support


Max_Filippov/
=============
      1  Re: linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commit in the xtensa tree
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 4/4] xtensa: generate uapi header and syscall table
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/4] xtensa: move SYS_XTENSA_* macros to non uapi header


Maxime_Ripard_/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2 9/9] drm/bridge: cdns: Convert to phy framework
      1  [PATCH v2 8/9] phy: Add Cadence D-PHY support
      1  [PATCH v2 7/9] drm/bridge: cdns: Separate DSI and D-PHY configuration
      1  [PATCH v2 6/9] phy: Move Allwinner A31 D-PHY driver to drivers/phy/
      1  [PATCH v2 4/9] phy: dphy: Add configuration helpers
      1  [PATCH v2 3/9] phy: Add MIPI D-PHY configuration options
      1  [PATCH v2 2/9] phy: Add configuration interface
      1  [PATCH v2 1/9] phy: Add MIPI D-PHY mode
      1  [PATCH v2 0/9] phy: Add configuration interface for MIPI D-PHY devices
      1  Re: [PATCH] media: platform: fix platform_no_drv_owner.cocci warnings
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/2] drm/sun4i: tcon: prevent tcon->panel dereference
      1  Re: [PATCH 02/10] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Support instruction


Michael_Buesch/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/3] b43: Use cordic algorithm from kernel library


Michael_S_Tsirkin/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] vhost/vsock: fix use-after-free in network stack


Michal_Simek/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v10 5/6] arm64: zynqmp: Add DDRC node


Miguel_Ojeda_Sandonis/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC][PATCH] tree-wide: Remove __inline__ and __inline usage


Mike_Kravetz/
=============
      1  [PATCH] hugetlbfs: fix kernel BUG at fs/hugetlbfs/inode.c:444!
      1  Re: [PATCH] hugetlbfs: fix kernel BUG at fs/hugetlbfs/inode.c:444!


Miklos_Szeredi/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] fuse: Put leaked request on error path of fuse_retrieve()
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 2/2] overlayfs: override_creds=off option bypass creator_cred


Miroslav_Benes/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64/module: use plt section indices for


Nadav_Amit/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/jump_label: Use text_poke_early() during
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 6/7] x86/alternatives: use temporary mm for text poking
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 6/7] x86/alternatives: use temporary mm for text p=
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/7] Fix "x86/alternatives: Lockdep-enforce text_mutex


Naoya_Horiguchi/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] hugetlbfs: fix kernel BUG at fs/hugetlbfs/inode.c:444!


Neil_Armstrong/
=============
      1  [PATCH] drm/meson: Add support for VIC alternate timings
      1  [PATCH] drm/meson: Add HDMI 1.4 4k modes
      1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: meson-gx: Add hdmi_5v regulator as hdmi tx supply
      1  [PATCH v2 3/4] dt-bindings: clk: meson-gxbb: Add Video clock bindings
      1  [PATCH v2 2/4] clk: meson-gxbb: Fix HDMI PLL for GXL SoCs
      1  [PATCH v2 1/4] clk: meson: Add vid_pll divider driver
      1  [PATCH v2 0/4] clk: meson: Add video clocks path
      1  [PATCH 3/3] drm/meson: Add primary plane scaling
      1  [PATCH 2/3] drm/meson: move OSD scaler management into plane atomic update
      1  [PATCH 1/3] drm/meson: Support Overlay plane for video rendering
      1  [PATCH 0/3] drm/meson: Add support for Overlay and OSD Plane scaling
      1  Re: [PATCH] clk: meson-gxbb: set fclk_div3 as CLK_IS_CRITICAL
      1  Re: [PATCH] ARM64: dts: meson-gxl-s905x-khadas-vim enable Bluetooth
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] drm/meson: Add support for Overlay and OSD Plane


Nicolin_Chen/
=============
      1  [PATCH v5 4/4] hwmon: (ina3221) Add PM runtime support
      1  [PATCH v5 3/4] hwmon: (ina3221) Make sure data is ready before reading
      1  [PATCH v5 2/4] hwmon: (ina3221) Serialize sysfs ABI accesses
      1  [PATCH v5 1/4] hwmon: (ina3221) Check channel status for alarms attribute read
      1  [PATCH v5 0/4] hwmon: (ina3221) Implement PM runtime to save power
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC] dma-direct: do not allocate a single page from CMA


P1_devicetree/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v2 09/10] irqchip: ti-sci-inta: Add support for Interrupt
      2  Re: [PATCH anybus v3 1/6] misc: support the Arcx anybus bridge
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 13/13] soc: ti: am6: Enable interrupt controller drivers
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 12/13] irqchip: ti-sci-inta: Add support for Interrupt Aggregator driver
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 11/13] dt-bindings: irqchip: Introduce TISCI Interrupt Aggregator bindings
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 10/13] soc: ti: Add MSI domain support for K3 Interrupt Aggregator
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 09/13] genirq/msi: Add support for .msi_unprepare callback
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 08/13] genirq/msi: Add support for allocating single MSI for a device
      1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: socfpga: use tabs for indentation
      1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx6sll: remove unused property in gpc node
      1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx6sl: vddpu is NOT an always-on regulator
      1  [PATCH v5 2/2] dt-bindings: mailbox: Add Xilinx IPI Mailbox
      1  [PATCH v5 1/2] mailbox: ZynqMP IPI mailbox controller
      1  [PATCH v5 0/2] Xilinx ZynqMP IPI Mailbox Controller Driver
      1  [PATCH v3 07/13] irqchip: ti-sci-intr: Add support for Interrupt Router driver
      1  [PATCH v3 06/13] dt-bindings: irqchip: Introduce TISCI Interrupt router bindings
      1  [PATCH v3 05/13] firmware: ti_sci: Add helper apis to manage resources
      1  [PATCH v3 04/13] firmware: ti_sci: Add RM mapping table for am654
      1  [PATCH v3 03/13] firmware: ti_sci: Add support for IRQ management
      1  [PATCH v3 02/13] firmware: ti_sci: Add support for RM core ops
      1  [PATCH v3 01/13] firmware: ti_sci: Add support to get TISCI handle using of_phandle
      1  [PATCH v3 00/13] Add support for TISCI irqchip drivers
      1  [PATCH RESEND] arm: dts: socfpga*.dts*: use SPDX-License-Identifier
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/5] dt-bindings: phy-qcom-qmp: Fix register underspecification
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 1/2] dt-bindings: mmc: sdhci-msm: Add new compatible


P1_kvm/
=============
      4  Re: [RFC PATCH v4 00/13] ktask: multithread CPU-intensive kernel work
      3  Re: [PATCH 0/5] VSOCK: support mergeable rx buffer in vhost-vsock
      3  Re: [PATCH 0/1] vhost: add vhost_blk driver
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH v4 02/13] ktask: multithread CPU-intensive kernel work
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH v4 01/13] ktask: add documentation
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 13/13] hugetlbfs: parallelize hugetlbfs_fallocate with ktask
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 12/13] mm: parallelize clear_gigantic_page
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 11/13] mm: parallelize deferred struct page initialization within each node
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 10/13] mm: enlarge type of offset argument in mem_map_offset and mem_map_next
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 09/13] vfio: relieve mmap_sem reader cacheline bouncing by holding it longer
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 08/13] vfio: remove unnecessary mmap_sem writer acquisition around locked_vm
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 07/13] mm: change locked_vm's type from unsigned long to atomic_long_t
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 06/13] vfio: parallelize vfio_pin_map_dma
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 05/13] workqueue, ktask: renice helper threads to prevent starvation
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 04/13] ktask: run helper threads at MAX_NICE
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 03/13] ktask: add undo support
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 02/13] ktask: multithread CPU-intensive kernel work
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 01/13] ktask: add documentation
      1  [RFC PATCH v4 00/13] ktask: multithread CPU-intensive kernel work
      1  [PATCH] KVM: x86: Remove KF() macro placeholder
      1  [PATCH] KVM: x86/vPMU: Reprogram fixed counters optimization
      1  [PATCH] KVM: nVMX/nSVM: Fix bug which sets vcpu->arch.tsc_offset to L1 tsc_offset
      1  [PATCH] KVM/VMX: Check ept_pointer before flushing ept tlb
      1  [PATCH v2 5/5] tests: add threaded-workqueue-bench
      1  [PATCH v2 4/5] migration: use threaded workqueue for decompression
      1  [PATCH v2 3/5] migration: use threaded workqueue for compression
      1  [PATCH v2 2/5] util: introduce threaded workqueue
      1  [PATCH v2 2/2] KVM: x86: expose MOVDIR64B CPU feature into VM.
      1  [PATCH v2 1/5] bitops: introduce change_bit_atomic
      1  [PATCH v2 1/2] KVM: x86: expose MOVDIRI CPU feature into VM.
      1  [PATCH v2 0/5] migration: improve multithreads
      1  [PATCH v2 0/2] KVM: x86: expose direct stores instructions into VM.
      1  [PATCH 7/7] kvm: selftests: aarch64: dirty_log_test: support greater than 40-bit IPAs
      1  [PATCH 6/7] kvm: selftests: add pa-48/va-48 VM modes
      1  [PATCH 5/7] kvm: selftests: dirty_log_test: improve mode param management
      1  [PATCH 4/7] kvm: selftests: dirty_log_test: reset guest test phys offset
      1  [PATCH 3/7] kvm: selftests: dirty_log_test: always use -t
      1  [PATCH 2/7] kvm: selftests: dirty_log_test: don't identity map the test mem
      1  [PATCH 1/7] kvm: selftests: x86_64: dirty_log_test: fix -t
      1  [PATCH 0/7] kvm: selftests: dirty_log_test: test with high GPAs
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v4 06/13] vfio: parallelize vfio_pin_map_dma
      1  Re: [PATCH] KVM/VMX: Check ept_pointer before flushing ept tlb
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 6/8] vfio/mdev: Add iommu place holders in mdev_device
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/8] perf/x86: add support to mask counters from host
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/5] VSOCK: support receive mergeable rx buffer in guest
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] VSOCK: support fill data to mergeable rx buffer in
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] VSOCK: support fill mergeable rx buffer in guest
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] vhost: add per-vq worker thread
      1  Re: Need to scale down the time to release multiple vfio devices


P1_linux-mm/
=============
      6  Re: Creating compressed backing_store as swapfile
      5  Re: [PATCH v1 0/4]mm: convert totalram_pages, totalhigh_pages and
      4  Re: [PATCH] slab.h: Avoid using & for logical and of booleans
      3  Re: [PATCH] mm/mmu_notifier: rename mmu_notifier_synchronize() to
      3  Re: [PATCH v2] mm: Create the new vm_fault_t type
      2  Re: [PATCH] mm: Create the new vm_fault_t type
      2  Re: [PATCH] mm, slab: remove unnecessary unlikely()
      2  Re: [PATCH 2] mm/kvmalloc: do not call kmalloc for size >
      1  kstrdup_quotable_cmdline and gfp flags
      1  [PATCH] mm/mmu_notifier: rename mmu_notifier_synchronize() to <...>_barrier()
      1  [PATCH v6 2/2] mm/page_alloc: remove software prefetching in __free_pages_core
      1  [PATCH v6 1/2] memory_hotplug: Free pages as higher order
      1  [PATCH v3] mm: Create the new vm_fault_t type
      1  [PATCH v2] mm: Create the new vm_fault_t type
      1  [PATCH v2] mm/mmu_notifier: remove mmu_notifier_synchronize()
      1  Re: [PATCH] z3fold: fix wrong handling of headless pages
      1  Re: [PATCH] mm/thp: Correctly differentiate between mapped THP and
      1  Re: [PATCH] mm, memory_hotplug: check zone_movable in
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/2] memory_hotplug: Free pages as higher order
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] lockdep: Use line-buffered printk() for lockdep


P1_netdev/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] mm/page_alloc: use a single function to free page
      1  [bindings][PATCH] bindings/net: DPAA Backplane Device Bindings
      1  [PATCH] net: skbuff.h: remove unnecessary unlikely()
      1  [PATCH] net: alx: make alx_drv_name static
      1  [PATCH v3 2/2] mm/page_alloc: use a single function to free page
      1  [PATCH v2 2/2] mm/page_alloc: use a single function to free page
      1  [PATCH v2 1/2] mm/page_alloc: free order-0 pages through PCP in
      1  Re: may I ignore "net/core/rtnetlink.c:3156:1: warning: the frame
      1  Re: [PATCH] net: skbuff.h: remove unnecessary unlikely()
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/2] mm/page_alloc: use a single function to free page
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm/page_alloc: use a single function to free page
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm/page_alloc: free order-0 pages through PCP in
      1  =?UTF-8?B?UmU6IFtQQVRDSF0gbmV0OiBtb3ZlIOKAmF9femVyb2NvcHlfc2dfZnJvbV9pdGVy4oCZIA==?=


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 1/5] perf tools: Add fallback functions for cases where
      3  Re: [PATCH 19/28] perf beauty: Wire up the mmap flags table
      1  [PATCH 18/18] perf tools: Do not zero sample_id_all for group members
      1  [PATCH 17/18] perf tools: Fix undefined symbol scnprintf in libperf-jvmti.so
      1  [PATCH 16/18] perf beauty: Use SRCARCH, ARCH=x86_64 must map to "x86" to find the headers
      1  [PATCH 15/18] perf intel-pt: Add MTC and CYC timestamps to debug log
      1  [PATCH 14/18] perf intel-pt: Add more event information to debug log
      1  [PATCH 13/18] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Fix table find when table re-ordered
      1  [PATCH 12/18] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Add help window
      1  [PATCH 11/18] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Add Selected branches report
      1  [PATCH 10/18] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Fall back to /usr/local/lib/libxed.so
      1  [PATCH 09/18] perf top: Display the LBR stats in callchain entry
      1  [PATCH 08/18] perf stat: Handle different PMU names with common prefix
      1  [PATCH 07/18] perf record: Support weak groups
      1  [PATCH 06/18] perf evlist: Move perf_evsel__reset_weak_group into evlist
      1  [PATCH 05/18] perf augmented_syscalls: Start collecting pathnames in the BPF program
      1  [PATCH 04/18] perf trace: Fix setting of augmented payload when using eBPF + raw_syscalls
      1  [PATCH 03/18] perf trace: When augmenting raw_syscalls plug raw_syscalls:sys_exit too
      1  [PATCH 02/18] perf examples bpf: Start augmenting raw_syscalls:sys_{start,exit}
      1  [PATCH 01/18] tools headers barrier: Fix arm64 tools build failure wrt smp_load_{acquire,release}
      1  [GIT PULL 00/18] perf/urgent improvements and fixes
      1  Re: [PATCH] perf top: Display the LBR stats in callchain entry
      1  Re: [PATCH V2 0/4] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/5] perf tools: Use fallbacks for branch stacks
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] perf intel-pt: Add more information to debug log


Palmer_Dabbelt/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC 1/2] dt-bindings: topology: Add RISC-V cpu topology.


Paul_Burton/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] MIPS: math-emu: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  Re: [PATCH] MIPS: OCTEON: fix out of bounds array access on CN68XX
      1  Re: [PATCH] MIPS: Fix `dma_alloc_coherent' returning a non-coherent


Paul_Durrant/
=============
      3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 3/6] tools/dm_restrict: Ask QEMU to chroot
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/3] tools: ipxe: Correct download error
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [Qemu-devel] xen_disk qdevification
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 6/6] RFC: test/depriv: Add a tool to
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 5/6] tools/dm_depriv: Add first cut
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 4/6] tools/dm_restrict: Unshare mount and
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 2/6] SUPPORT.md: Add qemu-depriv section
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 1/6] docs/qemu-deprivilege: Revise and
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/3] tools: No longer advertise GIT_HTTP env
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/3] tools: Once again honour GIT_HTTP env
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] ts-xen-build: Force reliance on


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v3 6/7] x86/alternatives: use temporary mm for text poking
      3  Re: [PATCH v14 05/12] cpuset: Add an error state to
      3  Re: [PATCH v14 00/12] Enable cpuset controller in default hierarchy
      2  Re: [PATCH v2] bit_spinlock: introduce smp_cond_load_relaxed
      1  [RFC][PATCH] tree-wide: Remove __inline__ and __inline usage
      1  Re: [RFC][PATCH] tree-wide: Remove __inline__ and __inline usage
      1  Re: [PATCH] backport: sched/rtmutex/deadline: Fix a PI crash for
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 10/12] cpuset: Add documentation about the new
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 04/12] cpuset: Add new v2 cpuset.sched.partition flag
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/8] perf/x86: add support to mask counters from host


Petr_Mladek/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 3/3] lockdep: Use line-buffered printk() for lockdep


Pierre-Louis_Bossart/
=============
      2  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] fix the kernel panic due to wrong use the
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] fix the kernel panic due to wrong use the dev memory API
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: skl: always select SND_SOC_HDAC_HDA
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] Build regressions/improvements in v4.20-rc1


Rafael_J_Wysocki/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC/RFT][PATCH v3] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor for tickless systems


Rob_Herring/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH anybus v3 1/6] misc: support the Arcx anybus bridge
      2  Re: [PATCH 3/4] of/property: Introduce of_fwnode_name()
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH] dt-bindings: opp: Extend qcom-opp bindings with
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 03/17] dt-bindings: cpufreq: Add binding for
      1  Re: [PATCHv2 3/6] PCI: layerscape: Add the EP mode support
      1  Re: [PATCH] of: Documentation: remove unmaintained todo file
      1  Re: [PATCH] of/platform: Support dynamic device tree on AMBA bus
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/3] dt-bindings: Add PNI to the vendor prefixes.
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/6] nfc: pn532_uart: Add NXP PN532 to devicetree docs
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/4] dt-bindings: media: i2c: Add bindings for IMI
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/4] dt-bindings: media: i2c: Add bindings for Maxim
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 6/6] dt-bindings: spi: QuadSPI driver for Atmel SAMA5D2
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/6] arm64: Utilize phys_initrd_start/phys_initrd_size
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/1] drm/panel: Add support for Olimex LCD-OLinuXino
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/6] arm64: Get rid of __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 bus+gpio 4/4] dt-bindings: gpio: Document GPIOs via
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 bus+gpio 2/4] dt-bindings: bus: Document moxtet bus
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/7] dt-bindings: Add bindings for the LeMaker
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/7] dt-bindings: Add vendor prefix for LeMaker
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/7] dt-bindings: power: supply: bq24190_charger: add
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] dt-bindings: phy: Document cadence Sierra PHY
      1  Re: [PATCH anybus v3 3/6] dt-bindings: anybus-bridge: document
      1  Re: [PATCH anybus v3 2/6] dt-bindings: Add vendor prefix for arcx /
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 1/2] dt-bindings: mmc: sdhci-msm: Add new compatible
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2 v3] clk: qoriq: add more compatibles strings


Rodrigo_Vivi/
=============
      1  Re: [Intel-gfx] [PATCH v3 4/5] drm/i915: Clarify flow for disabling


Roger_Pau_Monné/
=============
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] dom0/pvh: Dom0 PVH with PCI
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/5] x86/domctl: Implement


Roger_Quadros/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 03/14] usb:cdns3: Driver initialization code.
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 14/14] usb:cdns3: Feature for changing role
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 04/14] usb:cdns3: Added DRD support
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 01/14] usb:cdns3: add pci to platform driver


Samuel_Mendoza-Jonas/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH net-next 5/6] net/ncsi: Reset channel state in


Samuel_Ortiz/
=============
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 03/24] hw: acpi: The RSDP build API can


Sergey_Senozhatsky/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/3] printk: Add line-buffered printk() API.


Shuah_Khan/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH resend] Documentation/dev-tools: clean up kselftest.rst


Sinan_Kaya/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] PCI: Add HXT vendor ID and ACS quirk
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] nvme: add quirk to not call disable function when


Srinivas_Kandagatla/
=============
      1  [PATCH] nvmem: core: fix regression in of_nvmem_cell_get()
      1  [PATCH 2/2] ASoC: qdsp6: q6afe-dai: Fix the dai widgets
      1  [PATCH 1/2] ASoC: qdsp6: q6asm-dai: Only add routing once.
      1  [PATCH 0/2] ASoC: qdsp6: few routing fixes
      1  Re: [regression 4.20-rc1, bisected] cpufreq fails to register on


Stefan_Agner/
=============
      1  [PATCH] ARM: remove naked function usage
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input operands


Stefan_Hajnoczi/
=============
      1  [PATCH] vhost/vsock: switch to a mutex for vhost_vsock_hash
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] vhost/vsock: fix use-after-free in network stack
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/1] vhost: add vhost_blk driver


Stefano_Stabellini/
=============
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 16/16] xen/arm: Track page accessed between
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 15/16] xen/arm: Implement Set/Way operations
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 14/16] xen/arm: p2m: Extend p2m_get_entry to
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 11/16] xen/arm: vsysreg: Add wrapper to handle
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 10/16] xen/arm: vcpreg: Add wrappers to handle
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 09/16] xen/arm: p2m: Introduce a function to


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: sdm845: Add videocc node
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2 v3] clk: qoriq: add more compatibles strings


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
      1  [GIT PULL] tracing/kprobes: Fix strpbrk() argument order
      1  [ANNOUNCE] 4.14.78-rt47


Sudeep_Holla/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC 0/2] Add RISC-V cpu topology


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
      1  [PATCH] memcg: killed threads should not invoke memcg OOM killer
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 2/2] memcg: do not report racy no-eligible OOM tasks
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] lockdep: Use line-buffered printk() for lockdep


Tejun_Heo/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v14 00/12] Enable cpuset controller in default hierarchy
      1  Re: [PATCH] cgroup: remove unnecessary unlikely()


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
      2  Re: [Patch v4 17/18] x86/speculation: Update SPEC_CTRL MSRs of remote
      1  Re: linux-4.20-rc1/arch/x86/mm/pageattr.c:366: logical error ?
      1  Re: [Patch v4 03/18] x86/speculation: Reorganize cpu_show_common()
      1  Re: [PATCH] x86/pci: Annotate 'pci_root_ops' with __ro_after_init
      1  Re: [PATCH] fls: Change parameter to unsigned int
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/jump_label: Use text_poke_early() during


Todor_Tomov/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] media: ov5645: Report number of skip frames


Tomer_Maimon/
=============
      1  [PATCH v1] watchdog: npcm: Modify npcm watchdog kconfig arch parameter


Uwe_Kleine-König/
=============
      1  Re: linux-next: build warning after merge of the gpio tree


Viresh_Kumar/
=============
      1  [PATCH] sched: Fix the ifdef block in add_nr_running()


Wei_Liu/
=============
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86: put x86emul_{read,
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] dom0/pvh: Dom0 PVH with PCI passthrough support
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/traps: Misc non-functional cleanup
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/7] x86: make entry point code build
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 8/8] tools/libvchan:
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 7/8] tools/libvchan: libxenvchan_*_init:
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 6/8] tools/libvchan: Add xentoollog to
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/8] tools/libvchan: init_xs_srv: Simplify
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/8] tools/libvchan: init_xs_srv: Simplify
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/3] tools: No longer advertise GIT_HTTP env
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/8] tools/libvchan: Initialise
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] ts-xen-build: Force reliance on
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] Dom0 kernel 4.14 with SMP randomly crashing


Will_Deacon/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] mm/thp: Correctly differentiate between mapped THP and
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] bit_spinlock: introduce smp_cond_load_relaxed
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64/module: use plt section indices for relocations


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 2/4] x86/amd_nb: add support for newer PCI topologies
      3  Re: [PATCH v10 5/6] arm64: zynqmp: Add DDRC node
      2  Re: [PATCH v10 0/6] EDAC: Enhancements to Synopsys EDAC driver
      1  Re: [PATCH] x86/gart: Rewrite early_gart_iommu_check() comment
      1  Re: [PATCH] EDAC: skx_edac: add ACPI dependency
      1  Re: [PATCH] EDAC: Don't add devices under /sys/bus/edac
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 0/3] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 1/7] x86/boot: Introduce cmdline_find_option_arg()to
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/4] hwmon: k10temp: add support for AMD F17h M30h CPUs


Yan_Zheng/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] ceph: quota: fix null pointer dereference in quota check


Zhang_Rui/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 01/17] thermal: add thermal_zone_set_mode() helper
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 00/17] thermal: enable+check sensor after its setup


alsa-devel/
=============
      2  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: skl: always select SND_SOC_HDAC_HDA
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: core: Invoke pcm_new() for all
      1  RE: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] fix the kernel panic due to wrong use the


ath10k/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] ath10k: snoc: remove 'wcn3990' from generic resource handling


b43-dev/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2 3/3] b43: Use cordic algorithm from kernel library


bcm-kernel-feedback-list/
=============
      1  [PATCH] crypto: bcm: fix normal/non key hash algorithm failure


brcm80211-dev-list/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2 2/3] brcmsmac: Use cordic-related macros from common cordic library


cgroups/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 10/12] cpuset: Add documentation about the new
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 05/12] cpuset: Add an error state to
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 00/12] Enable cpuset controller in default hierarchy


dm-devel/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 0/2] dm: boot a mapped device without an initramfs


dmaengine/
=============
      1  [PATCH] dma: coh901318: Fix a double-lock bug
      1  [PATCH v3 4/4] dmaengine: imx-sdma: use GFP_NOWAIT for dma descriptor
      1  [PATCH v3 3/4] dmaengine: imx-sdma: implement channel termination via
      1  [PATCH v3 2/4] Revert "dmaengine: imx-sdma: alloclate bd memory from
      1  [PATCH v3 1/4] Revert "dmaengine: imx-sdma: Use GFP_NOWAIT for dma
      1  [PATCH v3 0/4] Correct dma pool for imx-sdma
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] firmware: add nowarn variant of


dri-devel/
=============
      1  linux-next: manual merge of the drm-msm tree with the drm-misc tree
      1  [RFC PATCH] drm/bridge: add support for FEC in mhdp8546 driver
      1  [PATCH][drm-next] drm/panel: s6d16d0: fix spelling mistake "enble" -> "enable"
      1  [PATCH] drm/syncobj: Fix oops on
      1  [PATCH] drm/rockchip: fix for mailbox read size
      1  [PATCH v4 5/5] drm/i915: Add short HPD IRQ storm detection for non-MST systems
      1  [PATCH v4 4/5] drm/i915: Clarify flow for disabling IRQs on storms
      1  [PATCH v4 3/5] drm/i915: Fix threshold check in intel_hpd_irq_storm_detect()
      1  [PATCH v4 2/5] drm/i915: Fix NULL deref when re-enabling HPD IRQs on systems with MST
      1  [PATCH v4 1/5] drm/i915: Fix possible race in intel_dp_add_mst_connector()
      1  [PATCH v4 0/5] drm/i915: HPD IRQ storm detection fixes
      1  [PATCH 3/3] drm/msm: Optimize adreno_show_object()
      1  [PATCH 2/3] include/linux/ascii85: Add ascii85_encode_to_buf()
      1  [PATCH 1/3] drm/msm: use kvmalloc for ring data in gpu crashstate
      1  Re: [PATCH] drm/syncobj: Fix oops on
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 5/5] drm/i915: Add short HPD IRQ storm detection for
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 4/5] drm/i915: Clarify flow for disabling IRQs on
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/5] drm/i915: Fix threshold check in
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 00/28] Allwinner H6 DE3 and HDMI support
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] drm/meson: Add support for Overlay and OSD Plane scaling
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] drm/meson: Add support for Overlay and OSD Plane


fs_notify_Amir_Goldstein/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 2/2] overlayfs: override_creds=off option bypass creator_cred
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/2] overlayfs: check CAP_DAC_READ_SEARCH before
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 0/2]


intel-gfx/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH v6] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
      3  Re: [PATCH v4] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
      1  [PATCH v7] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
      1  [PATCH v6] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
      1  [PATCH v5] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
      1  Re: [PATCH v7] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
      1  Re: [PATCH v5] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable


iommu/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] iommu/dma: Zero pages manually in a length of scatterlist
      1  Re: [PATCH 9/9] csky: use the generic remapping dma alloc


kexec/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] lockdown: allow kexec_file of unsigned images when not under lockdown
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] keys: export find_keyring_by_name()


keyrings/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] docs: Extend trusted keys documentation for TPM 2.0


kvm-arm/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input operands
      2  Re: [PATCH] KVM: arm64: Clarify explanation of STAGE2_PGTABLE_LEVELS
      1  [PATCH] remove unneeded naked function usage
      1  [PATCH] arm/crypto/aes-ce-glue.c: Remove duplicate header
      1  [PATCH] ARM: remove naked function usage
      1  [PATCH] ARM: OMAP: PM: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  [PATCH] ARM: OMAP1: clock: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 0/6] arm64: Get rid of __early_init_dt_declare_initrd()
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] KVM: arm64: Clarify explanation of
      1  Re: [PATCH v15 23/26] sched: early boot clock


linux-alpha/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/5] alpha: system call table generation support


linux-amlogic/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v6 2/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add support for Amlogic NAND
      1  [PATCH] media: meson: fix zalloc-simple.cocci warnings
      1  [PATCH] media: meson: fix semicolon.cocci warnings
      1  [PATCH v4 3/3] MAINTAINERS: Add meson video decoder
      1  [PATCH v4 2/3] media: meson: add v4l2 m2m video decoder driver
      1  [PATCH v4 1/3] dt-bindings: media: add Amlogic Video Decoder Bindings
      1  [PATCH v4 0/3] Add Amlogic video decoder driver


linux-arch/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v1 4/4] xtensa: generate uapi header and syscall table
      2  Re: + fls-change-parameter-to-unsigned-int.patch added to -mm tree
      1  [PATCH] fls: Change parameter to unsigned int
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/4] xtensa: move SYS_XTENSA_* macros to non uapi header


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
      1  Re: sama5d: using the ebi interface from another driver
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] coresight: etb10: Add support for CLAIM tag


linux-aspeed/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v2] clocksource/drivers/fttmr010: fix invalid interrupt


linux-block/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH] block: respect virtual boundary mask in bvecs
      1  [PATCH v3 7/7] lightnvm: pblk: remove dead code in pblk_recov_l2p
      1  [PATCH v3 6/7] lightnvm: pblk: fix pblk_lines_init error handling path
      1  [PATCH v3 5/7] lightnvm: pblk: remove unused macro
      1  [PATCH v3 4/7] lightnvm: pblk: set conservative threshold for user writes
      1  [PATCH v3 3/7] lightnvm: pblk: stop writes gracefully when running out of lines
      1  [PATCH v3 2/7] lightnvm: pblk: account for write error sectors in emeta
      1  [PATCH v3 1/7] lightnvm: pblk: fix resubmission of overwritten write err lbas
      1  [PATCH v3 0/7] PBLK Bugfixes and cleanups
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/7] lightnvm: pblk: fix resubmission of overwritten
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/7] PBLK Bugfixes and cleanups
      1  Re: [PATCH V4 0/5] blk-mq: refactor and fix on issue request directly
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] loop: Better discard for block devices


linux-bluetooth/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v1 3/4] Bluetooth: hci_qca: clear HCI_QUIRK_RESET_ON_CLOSE
      1  [PATCH v1 4/4] Bluetooth: hci_qca: Fix frame reassembly errors for wcn3990
      1  [PATCH v1 3/4] Bluetooth: hci_qca: clear HCI_QUIRK_RESET_ON_CLOSE flag
      1  [PATCH v1 2/4] Bluetooth: hci_qca: Pull RTS line high for baudrate change command
      1  [PATCH v1 1/4] Bluetooth: hci_qca: use wait_until_sent() for power pulses
      1  Bug fixes for Qualcomm BT chip wcn3990 


linux-btrfs/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] btrfs: avoid link error with CONFIG_NO_AUTO_INLINE


linux-cachefs/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] cachefiles: Explicitly cast enumerated type in put_object


linux-clk/
=============
      1  [PATCH v1 11/11] soc: mediatek: Add MT8183 scpsys support
      1  [PATCH v1 10/11] dt-bindings: soc: Add MT8183 power dt-bindings
      1  [PATCH v1 09/11] dt-bindings: soc: fix typo of MT8173 power dt-bindings
      1  [PATCH v1 08/11] clk: mediatek: Add MT8183 clock support
      1  [PATCH v1 07/11] clk: mediatek: Add flags support for mtk_gate data
      1  [PATCH v1 06/11] clk: mediatek: Add dt-bindings for MT8183 clocks
      1  [PATCH v1 05/11] dt-bindings: ARM: Mediatek: Document bindings for MT8183
      1  [PATCH v1 04/11] soc: mediatek: add new flow for mtcmos power.
      1  [PATCH v1 03/11] clk: mediatek: Disable tuner_en before change PLL rate
      1  [PATCH v1 02/11] clk: mediatek: add new member to mtk_pll_data
      1  [PATCH v1 01/11] clk: mediatek: add new clkmux register API
      1  [PATCH v1 00/11] Mediatek MT8183 clock and scpsys support 
      1  [PATCH v1 00/11] Mediatek MT8183 clock and scpsys support
      1  [PATCH 2/2] clk: qcom: Support 'protected-clocks' property
      1  [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: clk: Introduce 'protected-clocks' property
      1  [PATCH 0/2] Introduce a 'protected-clocks' property
      1  Re: [PATCH RESEND V4 0/9] clk: add imx7ulp clk support


linux-crypto/
=============
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 15/15] fscrypt: add Adiantum support
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 14/15] crypto: adiantum - add Adiantum support
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 13/15] crypto: arm/nhpoly1305 - add NEON-accelerated NHPoly1305
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 12/15] crypto: nhpoly1305 - add NHPoly1305 support
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 11/15] crypto: poly1305 - add Poly1305 core API
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 10/15] crypto: poly1305 - use structures for key and accumulator
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 09/15] crypto: arm/chacha - add XChaCha12 support
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 08/15] crypto: arm/chacha20 - refactor to allow varying number of rounds
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 07/15] crypto: arm/chacha20 - add XChaCha20 support
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 06/15] crypto: arm/chacha20 - limit the preemption-disabled section
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 05/15] crypto: chacha - add XChaCha12 support
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 04/15] crypto: chacha20-generic - refactor to allow varying number of rounds
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 03/15] crypto: chacha20-generic - add XChaCha20 support
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 02/15] crypto: chacha20-generic - don't unnecessarily use atomic walk
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 01/15] crypto: chacha20-generic - add HChaCha20 library function
      1  [RFC PATCH v3 00/15] crypto: Adiantum support
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] crypto: streebog - add Streebog hash function
      1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: fix use_after_free of
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: split user space crypto
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: convert all stats from u32
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: made crypto_user_stat


linux-doc/
=============
      1  [PATCH v6 14/14] MAINTAINERS: Update the file and documentation names
      1  [PATCH v6 13/14] Documentation/x86: Rename and update
      1  [PATCH v6 12/14] arch/x86: Introduce QOS feature for AMD
      1  [PATCH v6 11/14] arch/x86: Add AMD feature bit X86_FEATURE_MBA in
      1  [PATCH v6 10/14] arch/x86: Introduce new config parameter AMD_QOS
      1  [PATCH v6 09/14] arch/x86: Add vendor check for MBA software
      1  [PATCH v6 08/14] arch/x86: Bring cbm_validate function into the
      1  [PATCH v6 07/14] arch/x86: Initialize the resource functions that are
      1  [PATCH v6 06/14] arch/x86: Use new config parameter RESCTRL for
      1  [PATCH v6 05/14] arch/x86: Introduce a new config parameter RESCTRL
      1  [PATCH v6 04/14] arch/x86: Bring all the macros to resctrl.h
      1  [PATCH v6 03/14] arch/x86: Re-arrange RDT init code
      1  [PATCH v6 02/14] arch/x86: Rename the RDT functions and definitions
      1  [PATCH v6 01/14] arch/x86: Start renaming the rdt files to more
      1  [PATCH v6 00/14] arch/x86: AMD QoS support
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 13/14] Documentation/x86: Rename and update
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] Document /proc/pid PID reuse behavior


linux-edac/
=============
      1  RE: [PATCH v10 0/6] EDAC: Enhancements to Synopsys EDAC driver


linux-efi/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] efi/libstub: Disable some warnings for x86{,_64}


linux-ext4/
=============
      1  [PATCH] ext4: remove code duplication in free_ind_block()
      1  Re: [PATCH] ext4: remove code duplication in free_ind_block()


linux-fpga/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes


linux-fsdevel/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH v2 10/12] ext4: add basic fs-verity support
      2  Re: [PATCH] fuse: Put leaked request on error path of fuse_retrieve()
      2  Re: [PATCH 4/6] mm: introduce page->dma_pinned_flags, _count
      2  Re: BUG: aio/direct-io data corruption in 4.7
      1  [PATCH] fuse: Remove stale comment in end_requests()
      1  [PATCH] fuse: Put leaked request on error path of fuse_retrieve()
      1  [PATCH RFC] fuse: Prevent background write requests increase inode
      1  [PATCH 6/6] fuse: Verify userspace asks to requeue interrupt that
      1  [PATCH 6/6] fuse: Protect fuse_file::reserved_req via corresponding
      1  [PATCH 5/6] fuse: Protect fuse_inode::nlookup with fuse_inode::lock
      1  [PATCH 5/6] fuse: Do some refactoring in fuse_dev_do_write()
      1  [PATCH 4/6] fuse: Implement fuse_attr_version_inc()
      1  [PATCH 4/6] fuse: Check for FR_SENT bit in fuse_dev_do_write()
      1  [PATCH 3/6] fuse: Wake up req->waitq of only not background
      1  [PATCH 3/6] fuse: Introduce fuse_inode::lock to protect write
      1  [PATCH 2/6] fuse: Optimize request_end() by not taking
      1  [PATCH 2/6] fuse: Add fuse_inode argument to fuse_prepare_release()
      1  [PATCH 1/6] fuse: Kill fasync only if interrupt is queued in
      1  [PATCH 1/6] fuse: Change argument of fuse_flush_writepages()
      1  [PATCH 0/6] fuse: Interrupt-related optimizations and improvements
      1  [PATCH 0/6] fuse: Further reducing contention of fc->lock
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/5] nfs: don't clear STATX_ATIME from result_mask
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 1/4] ipc: Allow boot time extension of IPCMNI from
      1  Re: [PATCH 04/12] gfs2: properly initial file_lock used for unlock.
      1  Re: [PATCH - resend] VFS: use synchronize_rcu_expedited() in namespace_unlock()


linux-gpio/
=============
      1  [PATCH] ARM: OMAP1: ams-delta: Provide GPIO lookup table for LED device


linux-hwmon/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH 2/4] x86/amd_nb: add support for newer PCI topologies


linux-i2c/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v2] i2c: rk3x: fix some typo


linux-iio/
=============
      1  [PATCH v4 2/2] staging: iio: ad7780: remove unnecessary stashed
      1  [PATCH v4 1/2] staging: iio: ad7780: update voltage on read
      1  [PATCH v4 0/2] staging: iio: ad7780: correct driver read
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/2] staging: iio: ad7780: remove unnecessary stashed
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/2] staging: iio: ad7780: update voltage on read


linux-kbuild/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] scripts/kconfig/merge_config: don't redefine 'y' to 'm'
      1  Re: [PATCH] kbuild: consolidate Clang compiler flags


linux-media/
=============
      1  Re: i.MX6 MIPI-CSI2 OV5640 Camera testing on Mainline Linux


linux-mips/
=============
      1  [PATCH] MIPS: r2-on-r6-emu: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  Re: [PATCH] mips: delete duplication of BUILTIN_DTB selection


linux-mmc/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] mmc: core: Remove timeout when enabling cache
      1  [PATCH] mmc: core: Remove timeout when enabling cache
      1  [PATCH] mmc: core: Add QUIRK for eMMC CMD6 timeout for some Micron
      1  [PATCH] mmc: core: Add QUIRK for eMMC CMD6 timeout for some


linux-mtd/
=============
      1  [PING][PATCH] jffs2: Fix use of uninitialized delayed_work, lockdep


linux-next/
=============
      1  linux-next: build warning after merge of the tip tree
      1  linux-next: build warning after merge of the gpio tree
      1  linux-next: build failure after merge of the tip tree
      1  linux-next: Tree for Nov 6
      1  linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commit in the xtensa tree
      1  [PATCH] fix for "locking/atomics: Check generated headers are
      1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Nov 5 (net/ipv6/af_inet6)
      1  Re: linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commit in the xtensa tree


linux-nvdimm/
=============
      1  [mm PATCH v5 7/7] mm: Use common iterator for deferred_init_pages
      1  [mm PATCH v5 6/7] mm: Add reserved flag setting to set_page_links
      1  [mm PATCH v5 5/7] mm: Move hot-plug specific memory init into
      1  [mm PATCH v5 4/7] mm: Initialize MAX_ORDER_NR_PAGES at a time
      1  [mm PATCH v5 3/7] mm: Implement new zone specific memblock iterator
      1  [mm PATCH v5 2/7] mm: Drop meminit_pfn_in_nid as it is redundant
      1  [mm PATCH v5 1/7] mm: Use mm_zero_struct_page from SPARC on all 64b
      1  [mm PATCH v5 0/7] Deferred page init improvements
      1  [driver-core PATCH v5 9/9] libnvdimm: Schedule device registration
      1  [driver-core PATCH v5 8/9] PM core: Use new async_schedule_dev
      1  [driver-core PATCH v5 7/9] driver core: Attach devices on CPU local
      1  [driver-core PATCH v5 6/9] driver core: Probe devices
      1  [driver-core PATCH v5 5/9] driver core: Establish clear order of
      1  [driver-core PATCH v5 4/9] driver core: Move async_synchronize_full
      1  [driver-core PATCH v5 3/9] device core: Consolidate locking and
      1  [driver-core PATCH v5 2/9] async: Add support for queueing on
      1  [driver-core PATCH v5 1/9] workqueue: Provide queue_work_node to
      1  [driver-core PATCH v5 0/9] Add NUMA aware async_schedule calls


linux-omap/
=============
      1  [PATCH] ARM: OMAP1: ams-delta: make board header file local to mach-omap1


linux-pci/
=============
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH] PCI: imx: Add imx6sx suspend/resume
      1  [PATCH] x86/pci: Annotate 'pci_root_ops' with __ro_after_init
      1  [PATCH 23/23] arm64: dts: freescale: lx2160a: add pcie DT nodes
      1  [PATCH 22/23] PCI: mobiveil: add PCIe RC driver for NXP LX series
      1  [PATCH 21/23] dt-bindings: pci: Add NXP LX SoCs PCIe controller
      1  [PATCH 20/23] PCI: mobiveil: change prototype of function
      1  [PATCH 19/23] PCI: mobiveil: add Byte and Half-Word width register
      1  [PATCH 18/23] PCI: mobiveil: disabled IB and OB windows set by
      1  [PATCH 17/23] PCI: mobiveil: continue to initialize the host upon no
      1  [PATCH 16/23] PCI: mobiveil: refactor the Mobiveil driver
      1  [PATCH 15/23] dt-bindings: pci: mobiveil: change gpio_slave and
      1  [PATCH 14/23] PCI: mobiveil: initialize Primary/Secondary/Subordinate
      1  [PATCH 13/23] PCI: mobiveil: move irq chained handler setup out of DT
      1  [PATCH 12/23] PCI: mobiveil: move out the link up waiting from
      1  [PATCH 11/23] PCI: mobiveil: only fixup the Class Code field
      1  [PATCH 10/23] PCI: mobiveil: fix the INTx process error
      1  [PATCH 09/23] PCI: mobiveil: correct the inbound/outbound window
      1  [PATCH 08/23] PCI: mobiveil: use the 1st inbound window for MEM
      1  [PATCH 07/23] PCI: mobiveil: use WIN_NUM_0 explicitly for CFG
      1  [PATCH 06/23] PCI: mobiveil: replace the resource list iteration
      1  [PATCH 05/23] PCI: mobiveil: correct PCI base address in MEM/IO
      1  [PATCH 04/23] PCI: mobiveil: remove flag MSI_FLAG_MULTI_PCI_MSI
      1  [PATCH 03/23] PCI: mobiveil: correct the returned error number
      1  [PATCH 02/23] PCI: mobiveil: format the code without function change
      1  [PATCH 01/23] PCI: mobiveil: uniform the register accessors
      1  [PATCH 00/23] PCI: refactor the Mobiveil driver and add PCIe support
      1  Re: [PATCH] PCI: Add HXT vendor ID and ACS quirk
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] PCI/MSI: Don't touch MSI bits when the PCI device is
      1  RE: [PATCH 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.


linux-perf-users/
=============
      4  Re: PEBS level 2/3 breaks dwarf unwinding! [WAS: Re: Broken dwarf
      1  Re: perf script doesn't dump a normal call trace


linux-pm/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC/RFT][PATCH v2] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor
      2  RE: [RFC/RFT][PATCH v2] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor for tickless systems
      1  [PATCH] PM / QoS: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  Re: [RFC/RFT][PATCH v3] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor


linux-ppp/
=============
      1  Re: UBSAN: Undefined behaviour in drivers/net/ppp/ppp_generic.c


linux-renesas-soc/
=============
      1  RE: [PATCH v2 2/2] irqchip: Add support for Renesas RZ/N1 GPIO


linux-riscv/
=============
      3  Re: [RFC 1/2] dt-bindings: topology: Add RISC-V cpu topology.
      1  Re: [RFC 0/2] RISC-V: A proposal to add vendor-specific code
      1  Re: [RFC 0/2] Add RISC-V cpu topology
      1  Re: [PATCH] riscv: add asm/unistd.h UAPI header


linux-rtc/
=============
      1  [PATCH] rtc: pcf2127: fix a kmemleak caused in pcf2127_i2c_gather_write


linux-s390/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 7/7] s390: kvm: Handle all GISA IPM bits through GISA
      1  Build regressions/improvements in v4.20-rc1


linux-scsi/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/2] scsi: ufs: Add UFS platform driver for Cadence UFS


linux-security-module/
=============
      1  [PATCH] apparmor: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  [PATCH v4 6/6] tpm: ensure that the output of PCR read contains the correct digest size
      1  [PATCH v4 5/6] tpm: retrieve digest size of unknown algorithms with PCR read
      1  [PATCH v4 4/6] tpm: modify tpm_pcr_read() definition to pass a TPM hash algorithm
      1  [PATCH v4 3/6] tpm: rename and export tpm2_digest and tpm2_algorithms
      1  [PATCH v4 2/6] tpm: remove definition of TPM2_ACTIVE_PCR_BANKS
      1  [PATCH v4 1/6] tpm: dynamically allocate active_banks array
      1  [PATCH v4 0/6] tpm: retrieve digest size of unknown algorithms from TPM
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 11/16] tpm: remove @space from tpm_transmit()
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 09/16] tpm: encapsulate tpm_dev_transmit()
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 08/16] tpm: move tpm_validate_commmand() to
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 07/16] tpm: access command header through struct in
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 05/16] tpm: print tpm2_commit_space() error inside
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 03/16] tpm: return 0 from pcrs_show() when
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 02/16] tpm: fix invalid return value in pubek_show()
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 01/16] tpm: use tpm_buf in tpm_transmit_cmd() as the IO


linux-sgx/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v16 06/22] x86/cpu/intel: Detect SGX support and update
      1  Re: [PATCH v15 23/23] x86/sgx: Driver documentation
      1  Re: [PATCH v15 15/23] x86/sgx: Add wrappers for ENCLS leaf functions
      1  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups


linux-sh/
=============
      1  [PATCH] sh: mm: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro


linux-snps-arc/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH RFC] mm: arc: fix potential double realease of mmap_sem


linux-soc/
=============
      1  [PATCH 2/2] arm64: dts: qcom: Add SoC-specific string for sdhci-msm-v4 nodes
      1  [PATCH 1/2] ARM: dts: qcom: Add SoC-specific string for sdhci-msm-v4 nodes


linux-spi/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v1] spi: spi-qcom-qspi: Fix remaining driver nits


linux-tip-commits/
=============
      1  [tip:x86/cpu] x86/cpufeatures: Remove get_scattered_cpuid_leaf()
      1  [tip:x86/cleanups] x86/gart: Rewrite early_gart_iommu_check()
      1  Re: [tip:x86/urgent] x86/vsmp: Remove dependency on pv_irq_ops


linux-unionfs/
=============
      1  [PATCH v7 2/2] overlayfs: override_creds=off option bypass creator_cred
      1  [PATCH v7 1/2] overlayfs: check CAP_DAC_READ_SEARCH before issuing exportfs_decode_fh
      1  [PATCH v6 2/2] overlayfs: override_creds=off option bypass creator_cred
      1  [PATCH v6 1/2] overlayfs: check CAP_DAC_READ_SEARCH before issuing exportfs_decode_fh
      1  [PATCH v6 0/2]


linux-usb/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] usb: typec: tcpm: charge current handling for sink


linux-wireless/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] lib: cordic: Move cordic macros and defines to


linux-wpan/
=============
      1  [PATCH V2 7/7] net: lorawan: List LORAWAN in menuconfig
      1  [PATCH V2 6/7] net: maclorawan: Implement maclorawan class module
      1  [PATCH V2 5/7] net: maclorawan: Implement the crypto of maclorawan module
      1  [PATCH V2 4/7] net: maclorawan: Add maclorawan module declaration
      1  [PATCH V2 3/7] net: lorawan: Add LoRaWAN API declaration for LoRa devices
      1  [PATCH V2 2/7] net: lorawan: Add LoRaWAN socket module
      1  [PATCH V2 1/7] net: lorawan: Add macro and definition for LoRaWAN
      1  [PATCH V2 0/7] net: lorawan: Add LoRaWAN soft MAC module
      1  Re: [PATCH V2 2/7] net: lorawan: Add LoRaWAN socket module


linuxppc-dev/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v11 10/26] mm: protect VMA modifications using VMA
      1  [PATCH] powerpc/vas: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  Re: [PATCH] powerpc/fadump: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  Re: [PATCH v11 00/26] Speculative page faults
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] poewrpc/Boot: Fix cross compiling with clang


lwn/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] Docs/EDID: Fixed and improved EDID documentation


openbmc/
=============
      1  [PATCH net] net: phy: Allow BCM54616S PHY to setup internal TX/RX clock delay
      1  Re: [PATCH net] net: phy: Allow BCM54616S PHY to setup internal TX/RX
      1  RE: [PATCH net-next 5/6] net/ncsi: Reset channel state in


osuosl-devel/
=============
      1  [PATCH] media: platform: fix platform_no_drv_owner.cocci warnings
      1  [PATCH v3] staging: olpc_dcon: olpc_dcon_xo_1.c: Switch to the gpio
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH v2] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio delay
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC 09/18] staging: vchiq_core: do not initialize


platform-driver-x86/
=============
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V8 11/11] misc/pvpanic: remove a redundant
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V8 07/11] misc/pvpanic : break dependency on
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V8 06/11] misc/pvpanic : grouping ACPI related
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V8 05/11] misc/pvpanic: add support to get
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V8 04/11] dt-bindings: misc/pvpanic: add
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V8 01/11] pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as
      1  [PATCH v8 02/11]  misc/pvpanic: simplify the code using acpi_dev_resource_io
      1  [PATCH V8 10/11]  misc/pvpanic: convert to SPDX license tags
      1  [PATCH V8 09/11]  misc/pvpanic: change header file sort style
      1  [PATCH V8 08/11]  misc/pvpanic: remove unnecessary header file
      1  [PATCH V8 03/11]  misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] platform/x86: intel_pmc_core: Decode Snoop / Non
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] platform/x86: intel_pmc_core: Show Latency
      1  Re: [PATCH V8 09/11] misc/pvpanic: change header file sort style


virtualization/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/4] drm/virtio: add in/out fence support for explicit synchronization
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/4] drm/virtio: add in/out fence support for explicit


x86_Andy_Lutomirski/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH] x86/mm/fault: Allow stack access below %rsp


xen-devel/
=============
      4  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/hvm: Clean up the rest of bool_t
      3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 1/6] docs/qemu-deprivilege: Revise and
      3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 8/8] tools/libvchan:
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 3/6] tools/dm_restrict: Ask QEMU to chroot
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 2/6] SUPPORT.md: Add qemu-depriv section
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/5] x86/domctl: Implement
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] MSR load lists on Harpertown
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 129505: tolerable all pass -
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 129473: tolerable all pass -
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 129426: tolerable FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75574: tolerable FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75573: tolerable FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [linux-next test] 129445: tolerable FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus bisection] complete
      1  [Xen-devel] [linux-4.14 test] 129438: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [libvirt test] 129434: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [freebsd-master test] 129446: all pass - PUSHED
      1  [Xen-devel] [distros-debian-snapshot test] 75575: trouble:
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/traps: Misc non-functional cleanup
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/emul: Assert the STI shadow when POPF sets
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 6/6] RFC: test/depriv: Add a tool to check
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 5/6] tools/dm_depriv: Add first cut RLIMITs
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 4/6] tools/dm_restrict: Unshare mount and IPC
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 3/6] tools/dm_restrict: Ask QEMU to chroot
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 2/6] SUPPORT.md: Add qemu-depriv section
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 1/6] docs/qemu-deprivilege: Revise and update
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 8/8] x86/vvmx: fix I/O and MSR bitmaps mapping
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 7/8] x86/vvmx: correctly report vvmcs size
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 6/8] x86/vvmx: refactor nvmx_handle_vmclear()
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 5/8] x86/vvmx: add
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 4/8] x86/vvmx: correct vmfail() usage for
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 3/8] x86/vvmx: add
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 3/3] x86emul: consolidate CR4 handling
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 2/8] x86/nestedhvm: introduce vvmcx_valid()
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 2/3] x86emul: raise #GP(0) in VME mode for
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 1/3] x86emul: skip VIF processing in VME mode
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 0/8] x86/vvmx: various fixes
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 0/3] x86emul: VME/PVI mode fixes
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/3] tools: ipxe: Correct download error handling
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/3] tools: No longer advertise GIT_HTTP env var
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/3] tools: Once again honour GIT_HTTP env var
      1  [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] ts-xen-build: Force reliance on ipxe
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 09/16] xen/arm: p2m: Introduce a
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 5/6] tools/dm_depriv: Add
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 6/7] vpci/msix: carve p2m
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 6/6] x86/emul: dedup
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 16/16] xen/arm: Track page accessed between
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 15/16] xen/arm: Implement Set/Way operations
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 14/16] xen/arm: p2m: Extend p2m_get_entry to
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 10/16] xen/arm: vcpreg: Add wrappers to handle
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86: put x86emul_{read,
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/traps: Misc non-functional cleanup
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/emul: Assert the STI shadow when POPF
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] automation: build some customised configs
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 4/6] tools/dm_restrict: Unshare mount and
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 10/12] IOMMU: introduce IOMMU_MIXED
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/7] x86: make entry point code build
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 4/7] vpci: fix updating the command
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 4/5] x86/sysctl: Implement
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 3/7] x86: make PV hypercall entry points
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 0/3] x86emul: VME/PVI mode fixes
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 6/6] x86/emul: dedup hvmemul_cpuid() and
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 5/6] x86/emul: Don't use the ->cpuid() hook
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/8] tools/libvchan: init_xs_srv: Simplify
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/6] x86/emul: Pass a full cpuid_policy into
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/6] libx86: Split


