
0_Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH stable v2 1/2] termios, tty/tty_baudrate.c: fix buffer
   1  Re: Is Fixes line enough?
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..


0_Ingo_Molnar/
=============
   2  [GIT PULL] x86/mm changes for v4.20
   2  [GIT PULL] x86/hyperv changes for v4.20
   2  [GIT PULL] x86/grub2 changes for v4.20
   2  [GIT PULL] x86/cpu changes for v4.20
   2  [GIT PULL] x86/build change for v4.20
   2  [GIT PULL] x86/boot changes for v4.20
   2  [GIT PULL] x86/asm changes for v4.20
   2  [GIT PULL] x86/apic changes for v4.20
   2  [GIT PULL] scheduler updates for v4.20
   2  [GIT PULL] perf updates for v4.20
   2  [GIT PULL] RAS changes for v4.20
   1  [GIT PULL] x86/vdso changes for v4.20
   1  [GIT PULL] x86/pti changes for v4.20
   1  [GIT PULL] x86/platform changes for v4.20
   1  [GIT PULL] x86/paravirt changes for v4.20
   1  [GIT PULL] locking and misc x86 updates for v4.20
   1  [GIT PULL] RCU updates for v4.20
   1  [GIT PULL] EFI changes for v4.20
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..


0_linux-kernel/
=============
   6  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of Conduct: Fix some wording, and add an interpretation document
   5  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] x86/hyperv: make HvNotifyLongSpinWait hypercall
   3  Re: perf overlapping maps...
   3  Re: [PATCH v4 2/2] sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
   3  Re: [PATCH 09/10] sched/fair: disable stealing if too many NUMA nodes
   3  Re: Git pull ack emails..
   2  Re: [lkp-robot] [Btrfs]  5239834016:  blogbench.read_score -7.2%
   2  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of
   1  kernel 4.19.0 on arm64 raspberry pi disrupts tmux panes on raspberry
   1  [lkp-robot] [Btrfs]  5239834016:  blogbench.read_score -7.2%
   1  [PATCH] vt: fix broken display when running aptitude
   1  [PATCH] security: fix documentation for the task_setscheduler hook
   1  [PATCH] security: fix documentation for the syslog hook
   1  [PATCH] security: fix documentation for the socket_getpeersec_dgram hook
   1  [PATCH] security: fix documentation for the path_chmod hook
   1  [PATCH] security: fix documentation for the audit_* hooks
   1  [PATCH] security: fix documentation for sb_copy_data hook
   1  [PATCH] sched: Make sched_feat(x) boolean for !CONFIG_SCHED_DEBUG
   1  [PATCH] sched/fair: fix a comment in task_numa_fault()
   1  [PATCH] sched/core: Take the hotplug lock in sched_init_smp()
   1  [PATCH] modsign: use all trusted keys to verify module signature
   1  [PATCH] cdrom: remove set but not used variable 'tocuse'
   1  [PATCH] Choose CPU based on allocated IRQs
   1  [PATCH v3 2/5] phy: qcom-qmp: Utilize fully-specified DT registers
   1  [PATCH v2 char-misc 1/1] x86/hyperv: Fix PIT shutdown quirk
   1  [PATCH RFC] x86: Don't include '-Wa,-' when building with Clang
   1  [PATCH 3/9] security: fix documentation for the socket_post_create hook
   1  [LKP] [kernfs, sysfs, cgroup, intel_rdt] e62016662d: cgroup1:
   1  [GIT PULL] jfs fixes for v4.20
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH] perf: Rewrite core context handling
   1  Re: [Patch v3 07/13] x86/process Add arch_set_dumpable
   1  Re: [PATCH] vt: fix broken display when running aptitude
   1  Re: [PATCH] rcu: Benefit from expedited grace period in __wait_rcu_gp
   1  Re: [PATCH] perf trace beautify: Beautify flags of mount(2) and
   1  Re: [PATCH v5] perf record: encode -k clockid frequency into Perf
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/3] tracing: Fix synthetic event parser
   1  Re: [PATCH 04/10] sched/fair: Dynamically update cfs_overload_cpus
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/10] steal tasks to improve CPU utilization
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] tracing: Fix synthetic event parser
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [GIT PULL] code of conduct fixes for 4.19-rc8
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] code of conduct fixes for 4.19-rc8
   1  Re: NMI watchdog dump does not print on hard lockup
   1  Problem with XFX RX 580 on 4.18-19


Adrian_Hunter/
=============
   1  [PATCH V2 17/19] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Add All branches report
   1  Re: [PATCH 17/19] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Add


Alan_Tull/
=============
   1  [PATCH] fpga: altera-cvp: Fix registration for CvP incapable devices
   1  Re: [PATCH] fpga: altera-cvp: Fix registration for CvP incapable devices
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: fpga: Add bindings for ZynqMP fpga driver


Alexandre_Belloni/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] rtc: s35390a: Change buf's type to u8 in s35390a_init
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] rtc: ds1685: simplify getting .driver_data


Andrew_Lunn/
=============
   1  Re: CRC errors between mvneta and macb


Ard_Biesheuvel/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 09/12] crypto: nhpoly1305 - add NHPoly1305 support
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 11/12] crypto: adiantum - add Adiantum support
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC v3 0/3] Rlimit for module space


Bart_Van_Assche/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH] Revert "workqueue: re-add lockdep dependencies for


Benjamin_Gaignard/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] drm: Add missing flags for pixel clock & data enable


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP
   3  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP SPI
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] spi: spi-mem: add support for octo mode I/O data
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/7] spi: add support for octo mode I/O data transfer
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add macros related to MICRON flash
   1  Re: [PATCH RESEND v4 1/5] spi: spi-mem: Add driver for NXP FlexSPI
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
   2  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [GIT PULL] code of conduct fixes for 4.19-rc8
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages,


CHROME_Olof_Johansson/
=============
   1  Re: Circular lock dep in btrfs triggered by shrinker


Chao_Yu/
=============
   1  [PATCH] f2fs: add bio cache for IPU


Chris_Mason/
=============
   1  Linux Foundation Technical Advisory Board Elections -- Call for


Corey_Minyard/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] IPMI updates for 4.20


Cornelia_Huck/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] vfio: ccw: Register mediated device once all


Dan_Williams/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/9] Allow persistent memory to be used like normal RAM
   1  Re: [PATCH] pfn_t: force '~' to be parsed as an unary operator


Daniel_Borkmann/
=============
   1  [PATCH bpf] bpf: add bpf_jit_limit knob to restrict unpriv allocations


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] thermal: Add notifier call chain for hot/critical


Dave_Hansen/
=============
   1  [PATCH 9/9] dax/kmem: actually enable the code in Makefile
   1  [PATCH 8/9] dax/kmem: let walk_system_ram_range() search child resources
   1  [PATCH 7/9] dax/kmem: actually perform memory hotplug
   1  [PATCH 6/9] mm/memory-hotplug: allow memory resources to be children
   1  [PATCH 5/9] dax/kmem: add more nd dax kmem infrastructure
   1  [PATCH 4/9] dax/kmem: allow PMEM devices to bind to KMEM driver
   1  [PATCH 3/9] dax: add more kmem device infrastructure
   1  [PATCH 2/9] dax: kernel memory driver for mm ownership of DAX
   1  [PATCH 1/9] mm/resource: return real error codes from walk failures
   1  [PATCH 0/9] Allow persistent memory to be used like normal RAM


David_Howells/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/24] iov_iter: Add I/O discard iterator
   1  Re: [PATCH 02/24] iov_iter: Renumber the ITER_* constants in uio.h


David_Rientjes/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm: thp:  relax __GFP_THISNODE for MADV_HUGEPAGE
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm,oom: Use timeout based back off.


David_S_Miller/
=============
   1  Re: perf overlapping maps...
   1  Re: [PATCHv2 2/2] net: stmmac: Set OWN bit for jumbo frames
   1  Re: [PATCHv2 1/2] arm64: dts: stratix10: Support Ethernet Jumbo
   1  Re: [PATCH] mISDN: Fix type of switch control variable in
   1  Re: [PATCH] af_unix.h: trivial whitespace cleanup
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] isdn: hfc_{pci,sx}: Avoid empty body if statements
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/2] phy: ocelot-serdes: fix out-of-bounds read
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 net-next] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: unsync mcast
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] octeontx2-af: Remove set but not used
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next 0/7] Adds support of RAS Error Handling in
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] net: bpfilter: Set user mode helper's command line
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] umh: Add command line to user mode helpers
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] ptp: ptp_dte: simplify getting .driver_data


David_Sterba/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] Btrfs updates for 4.20, part 1


Dinh_Nguyen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: debug: enable UART1 for socfpga Cyclone5


Dmitry_Osipenko/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 09/17] ARM: dts: tegra20: harmony: Setup voltage


Dmitry_Torokhov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 4.18 08/27] Input: evdev - add a schedule point
   1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 4.18 04/27] Input: i8042 - enable keyboard


Dong_Aisheng/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH RESEND V4 6/9] dt-bindings: clock: add imx7ulp clock


Eric_Biederman/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] siginfo updates for 4.20-rc1
   1  Re: Interrupts, smp_load_acquire(), smp_store_release(), etc.


Eugeniy_Paltsev/
=============
   1  [PATCH] ARC: [plat-hsdk] Enable DW APB GPIO support
   1  Re: [PATCH] DRM: UDL: get rid of useless vblank initialization


Florian_Fainelli/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 9/9] net: phy: mdio-mux-bcm-iproc: simplify getting
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/9] net: dsa: qca8k: simplify getting .driver_data
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/9] net: dsa: bcm_sf2: simplify getting .driver_data
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] net: dsa: legacy: simplify getting .driver_data
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] net: simplify getting .driver_data


Geert_Uytterhoeven/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v3 3/3] sh: add the sh_ prefix to early platform symbols


Grygorii_Strashko/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 net-next] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: unsync mcast entries
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: unsync mcast entries
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] gpio: gpio-omap: simplify getting .driver_data


H_Peter_Anvin/
=============
   1  [PATCH stable v2 2/2] arch/alpha, termios: implement BOTHER, IBSHIFT and termios2
   1  [PATCH stable v2 1/2] termios, tty/tty_baudrate.c: fix buffer overrun


Halil_Pasic/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] vfio: ccw: Register mediated device once all


Helge_Deller/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] parisc architecture updates for kernel v4.20


Herbert_Xu/
=============
   1  Crypto Update for 4.20


INTEL_MANAGEMENT_ENGINE_Tomas_Winkler/
=============
   2  RE: [PATCH v7 00/21] tpm: separate tpm 1.x and tpm 2.x commands
   1  Re: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() refactor error flow.
   1  RE: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() refactor error flow.


Ivan_Vecera/
=============
   1  [PATCH] Revert "be2net: remove desc field from be_eq_obj"


Jacek_Anaszewski/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] LED updates for 4.20-rc1


James_E_J_Bottomley/
=============
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [GIT PULL] code of conduct fixes for 4.19-rc8


James_Morris/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] security: general updates for 4.20
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..


Jani_Nikula/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] gpu/drm/virtio/virtgpu_vq.c: Use kmem_cache_zalloc


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() refactor error flow.
   1  RE: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_try_transmit() refactor error flow.
   1  RE: [PATCH v7 00/21] tpm: separate tpm 1.x and tpm 2.x commands


Jens_Axboe/
=============
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] (xen) stable/for-jens-4.20
   1  Re: UBSAN: Undefined behaviour in drivers/block/floppy.c:1495:32
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..


Jiri_Kosina/
=============
   2  [GIT PULL] HID for 4.20


Johan_Hovold/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/9] of: fix compatible-child-node lookups


Johannes_Berg/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] Revert "workqueue: re-add lockdep dependencies for
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] wireless: mark expected switch fall-throughs


John_Garry/
=============
   1  Crash report: Broken NUMA distance map causes crash on arm64 system


John_Stultz/
=============
   1  [RFC][PATCH v2] scsi: ufs: Fix hynix ufs bug with quirk on hi36xx SoC
   1  Re: [RESEND][PATCH] scsi: ufs: Fix hynix ufs bug with quirk on hi36xx SoC


Josef_Bacik/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/7] btrfs: drop mmap_sem in mkwrite for btrfs


Josh_Triplett/
=============
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [GIT PULL] code of conduct fixes for 4.19-rc8


Julia_Lawall/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages, totalhigh_pages and
   1  Re: [Outreachy kernel] [PATCH] staging: vboxvideo: Removed unnecessary


Konrad_Rzeszutek_Wilk/
=============
   1  Re: [kvm PATCH 1/2] mm: export __vmalloc_node_range()


Larry_Finger/
=============
   1  Is Fixes line enough?


Laurent_Pinchart/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/rcar-du: Convert drm_atomic_helper_suspend/resume()


Lee_Jones/
=============
   2  [GIT PULL] MFD for v4.20
   2  [GIT PULL] Backlight for v4.20
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] mfd: rk808: Add RK817 and RK809 support


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
   3  Re: Git pull ack emails..
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] scheduler updates for v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] s390 patches for the 4.20 merge window #1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] pcmcia odd fixes for v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] RCU updates for v4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] IPMI updates for 4.20
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] ACPI updates for v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] (xen-swiotlb) stable/for-linus-4.20
   1  Git pull ack emails..


Linus_Walleij/
=============
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..


Lubomir_Rintel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] libertas: remove set but not used variable 'int_type'


Lukasz_Majewski/
=============
   1  [RESEND PATCHv2] ARM: dspi: Provide support for DSPI slave more operation (Vybryd vf610)


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC PATCH 2/2] memcg: do not report racy no-eligible OOM tasks
   1  Re: [kvm PATCH 1/2] mm: export __vmalloc_node_range()
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages,
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/2] improve vmalloc allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages, totalhigh_pages and
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm,oom: Use timeout based back off.
   1  Re: [PATCH] hugetlbfs: dirty pages as they are added to pagecache
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/7] modules: Create rlimit for module space
   1  Re: Memory management issue in 4.18.15
   1  Re: Circular lock dep in btrfs triggered by shrinker


Marc_Zyngier/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v3 3/3] sh: add the sh_ prefix to early platform symbols
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 09/10] irqchip: ti-sci-inta: Add support for Interrupt Aggregator driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 00/10] Add support for TISCI irqchip drivers


Mark_Brown/
=============
   3  Re: Git pull ack emails..
   1  [PATCH] ASoC: stm32: sai: fix master clock naming
   1  [PATCH] ASoC: stm32: add clock dependency for sai
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [GIT PULL] code of conduct fixes for 4.19-rc8
   1  Applied "ASoC: stm32: sai: fix master clock naming" to the asoc tree
   1  Applied "ASoC: stm32: add clock dependency for sai" to the asoc tree


Mark_Rutland/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/4]  pvpanic: add document for pvpanic-mmio DT
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4]  pvpanic: add pvpanic support for arm64


Martin_Schwidefsky/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] s390 patches for the 4.20 merge window #1


Masami_Hiramatsu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: kprobes: Fix false positive with FORTIFY_SOURCE
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 10/15] tracing: Add hist trigger snapshot() action
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 07/15] tracing: Move hist trigger key printing into a
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 01/15] tracing: Refactor hist trigger action code


Mathieu_Desnoyers/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 01/16] rseq/selftests: Add reference


Michael_S_Tsirkin/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: remove reference to bogus vsock file


Miguel_Ojeda_Sandonis/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 1/2] Compiler Attributes: add support for __fallthrough
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] Compiler Attributes: __fallthrough


Moritz_Fischer/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] zynq-fpga: Only route PR via PCAP when required
   1  [PATCH] fpga: altera-cvp: Fix registration for CvP incapable devices
   1  Re: [PATCH] fpga: altera-cvp: Fix registration for CvP incapable


Oleg_Nesterov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC kenrel/rcu] Eliminate BUG_ON() for sync.c


P1_devicetree/
=============
   1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: sun8i-a83t-tbs-a711: Change MMC0 bus-width to 4
   1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: fix imx7d boot spi dma setup error
   1  [PATCH v3 1/5] dt-bindings: phy-qcom-qmp: Fix register underspecification
   1  [PATCH v10 6/6] dt-bindings: phy-qcom-qmp: Add UFS phy compatible string for sdm845
   1  [PATCH v10 5/6] scsi: ufs: Power on phy after it is initialized
   1  [PATCH v10 4/6] scsi: ufs: Add core reset support
   1  [PATCH v10 3/6] phy: Add QMP phy based UFS phy support for sdm845
   1  [PATCH v10 2/6] phy: General struct and field cleanup
   1  [PATCH v10 1/6] phy: Update PHY power control sequence
   1  [PATCH v10 0/6] Support for Qualcomm UFS QMP PHY on SDM845
   1  [PATCH V1 4/4] ARM: dts: imx7s: Add flexcan stop mode wakeup support
   1  [PATCH V1 3/4] ARM: dts: imx6ul: Add flexcan stop mode wakeup support
   1  [PATCH V1 2/4] ARM: dts: imx6qdl: Add flexcan stop mode wakeup
   1  [PATCH V1 1/4] ARM: dts: imx6sx: Add flexcan stop mode wakeup support
   1  [PATCH V1 0/4] ARM: dts: imx: Add flexcan stop mode wakeup
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 00/10] Add support for TISCI irqchip drivers


P1_kvm/
=============
   3  [Bug 201485] kvm_amd won't load since bios upgrade
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 06/13] KVM/nVMX: Use kvm_vcpu_map when mapping the L1
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] KVM/nVMX: Do not validate that posted_intr_desc_addr
   1  [PATCH][kvm-unit-test] nVMX x86: Check VM[READ|WRITE] bitmap addresses on vmentry of L2 guests
   1  [PATCH] KVM/nVMX: Remove uneeded forward jump in nested_vmx_check_vmentry_hw asm
   1  [PATCH v3] KVM: x86: Only clear %dr6 if really neccessary
   1  [PATCH 1/2] KVM: x86: Only clear %dr6 if really neccessary
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 02/13] X86/nVMX: handle_vmptrld: Copy the VMCS12
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 01/13] X86/nVMX: handle_vmon: Read 4 bytes from guest memory


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/2] improve vmalloc allocation
   2  Re: [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages, totalhigh_pages and
   2  Re: Memory management issue in 4.18.15
   1  [PATCH V3 5/5] arm64/mm: Enable HugeTLB migration for contiguous bit HugeTLB pages
   1  [PATCH V3 4/5] arm64/mm: Enable HugeTLB migration
   1  [PATCH V3 3/5] mm/hugetlb: Enable arch specific huge page size support for migration
   1  [PATCH V3 2/5] mm/hugetlb: Enable PUD level huge page migration
   1  [PATCH V3 1/5] mm/hugetlb: Distinguish between migratability and movability
   1  [PATCH V3 0/5] arm64/mm: Enable HugeTLB migration
   1  [PATCH RESEND] mm: prototype: rid swapoff of quadratic complexity
   1  [LKP] d50d82faa0 [ 33.671845] WARNING: possible circular locking
   1  Re: [RFC v4 PATCH 3/5] mm/rmqueue_bulk: alloc without touching
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no
   1  Re: [PATCH -V6 00/21] swap: Swapout/swapin THP in one piece
   1  Re: 32-bit PTI with THP = userspace corruption


P1_netdev/
=============
   2  Re: CRC errors between mvneta and macb
   1  [PATCH] bonding:avoid repeated display of same link status change
   1  [PATCH 0/2]
   1  Re: [v2,0/2] net: if_arp: use define instead of hard-coded value
   1  Re: [PATCH] bonding:avoid repeated display of same link status change
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/2] phy: ocelot-serdes: fix out-of-bounds read


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 17/19] perf scripts python: exported-sql-viewer.py: Add
   1  Re: [PATCH v5] perf record: encode -k clockid frequency into Perf
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] perf script: flush output stream after events in


Palmer_Dabbelt/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] dt-bindings: serial: add documentation for the SiFive UART driver


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
   1  Re: srcu hung task panic


Paul_Moore/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] SELinux patches for v4.20
   1  No audit patches for the v4.20 merge window (audit/next is empty)


Pavel_Machek/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] code-of-conduct: Remove explicit list of discrimination
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/2] Bluetooth: Add device_get_bd_address()
   1  Re: 32-bit PTI with THP = userspace corruption
   1  Not-so-old machines without PAE was Re: 32-bit PTI with THP =


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] x86/hyperv: make HvNotifyLongSpinWait hypercall
   2  Re: [PATCH 09/10] sched/fair: disable stealing if too many NUMA nodes
   2  Re: [PATCH 00/10] steal tasks to improve CPU utilization
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCH] perf: Rewrite core context handling
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/2] sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
   1  Re: [PATCH 04/10] sched/fair: Dynamically update cfs_overload_cpus


Petr_Mladek/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 1/4] panic: avoid deadlocks in re-entrant console
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] printk: Add line-buffered printk() API.


Ping-Ke_Shih/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] rtlwifi: remove set but not used variable 'radiob_array_table' and 'radiob_arraylen'
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] rtlwifi: remove set but not used variable 'radiob_array_table' and 'radiob_arraylen'
   1  Re: [PATCH 19/20] rtlwifi: rtl8821ae: phy: Mark expected switch fall-through


Richard_Cochran/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] ptp: ptp_dte: simplify getting .driver_data


Rob_Herring/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v9 4/9] dt-bindings: i3c: Document core bindings
   1  Re: [PATCH v6 3/6] dt-bindings: power: Introduce properties to
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] dt-bindings: phy-qcom-qmp: Fix register
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/3] dt-bindings: iio: adc: Add docs for ad7124
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/5] dt-bindings: phy-qcom-qmp: Fix register
   1  Re: [PATCH RESEND V4 6/9] dt-bindings: clock: add imx7ulp clock
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/12] dt-bindings: panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16


Russell_King/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] ARM: socfpga: Clean unused functions
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/8] add generic builtin command line


Sagi_Grimberg/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "workqueue: re-add lockdep dependencies for


Samuel_Mendoza-Jonas/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next 0/6] net/ncsi: Allow enabling multiple packages


Santosh_Shilimkar/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 00/10] Add support for TISCI irqchip drivers


Shuah_Khan/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/2] improve vmalloc allocation
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/10] tools: Various build flags fixes


Stefan_Wahren/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] thermal: bcm2835: enable hwmon explicitly


Stefano_Stabellini/
=============
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 25/25] xen/arm: split domain_build.c
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 24/25] xen/arm: move kernel.h to asm-arm/
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 23/25] xen/vpl011: buffer out chars when the
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 22/25] xen/arm: Allow vpl011 to be used by
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 21/25] xen: support console_switching between
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 20/25] xen/arm: refactor vpl011_data_avail
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 19/25] xen/arm: introduce a union in vpl011
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 18/25] xen/arm: generate vpl011 node on
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 17/25] xen/arm: make set_interrupt_ppi able
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 16/25] xen/arm: generate a simple device tree
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 15/25] xen/arm: implement construct_domU
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 14/25] xen/arm: introduce create_domUs
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 13/25] xen/arm: move
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 12/25] xen/arm: refactor construct_dom0
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 11/25] xen/arm: introduce allocate_memory
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 10/25] xen/arm: rename allocate_memory to
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 09/25] xen/arm: rename get_11_allocation_size
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 08/25] xen/arm: probe domU kernels and initrds
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 07/25] xen/arm: don't add duplicate boot
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 06/25] xen/arm: introduce bootcmdlines
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 05/25] xen/arm: check for multiboot nodes
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 04/25] xen/arm: increase MAX_MODULES
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 03/25] xen/arm: document dom0less
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 01/25] xen: allow console_io hypercalls from
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 00/25] dom0less step1: boot multiple domains
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 05/23] xen/arm: introduce bootcmdlines


Suganath_Prabu_Subramani/
=============
   1  [v6 4/4] mpt3sas: Bump driver version to 27.100.00.00.
   1  [v6 3/4] mpt3sas:Fix driver modifying persistent data.
   1  [v6 2/4] mpt3sas: Fix Sync cache command failure during driver unload
   1  [v6 1/4] mpt3sas: Separate out mpt3sas_wait_for_ioc_to_operational
   1  [v6 0/4] mpt3sas: Hot-Plug Surprise removal support on IOC.


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH 2/2] memcg: do not report racy no-eligible OOM tasks
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no


Theodore_Tso/
=============
   2  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of
   1  Re: possible deadlock in flush_workqueue (2)
   1  Re: Is Fixes line enough?


Thor_Thayer/
=============
   1  [PATCHv2 2/2] net: stmmac: Set OWN bit for jumbo frames
   1  [PATCHv2 1/2] arm64: dts: stratix10: Support Ethernet Jumbo frame
   1  [PATCH 2/2] net: stmmac: Set OWN bit for jumbo frames
   1  [PATCH 1/2] arm64: dts: stratix10: Support for Ethernet Jumbo frame
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] net: stmmac: Set OWN bit for jumbo frames


Tony_Lindgren/
=============
   2  Re: omap4: support for manually updated display


Ulf_Hansson/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: sdhci: use goto rather than return directly
   1  Re: Git pull ack emails..


Uwe_Kleine-König/
=============
   1  [PATCH] scripts/spdxcheck: make python3 compliant
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: dts: fix imx7d boot spi dma setup error


VFS_Alexander_Viro/
=============
   4  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of
   3  Re: Reiser4 Linux 4.17.19-1 hangs in Google cloud VM, too.
   1  [git pull] tty ioctl cleanups and fixes


Vladimir_Zapolskiy/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/7] mfd: ds90ux9xx: add TI DS90Ux9xx de-/serializer MFD


Will_Deacon/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 07/17] arm64: add basic pointer authentication support


Wolfram_Sang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] rtc: ds1685: simplify getting .driver_data


amd-gfx/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/amdgpu: fix a missing-check bug


atmel_ecc_Tudor_Ambarus/
=============
   1  [RESEND PATCH 2/2] i2c: at91: Save the bus clock frequency in adapter
   1  [RESEND PATCH 1/2] i2c: enable buses to save their clock frequency in
   1  [RESEND PATCH 0/2] i2c: enable buses to save their clock frequency in
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add macros related to MICRON flash


atmel_serial_Richard_Genoud/
=============
   2  Re: CRC errors between mvneta and macb


ceph-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] ceph: add destination file data sync before doing any remote copy
   1  Re: [PATCH] ceph: add destination file data sync before doing any


cgroups/
=============
   1  [PATCH] rdmacg: fix a typo in rdmacg documentation


containers/
=============
   1  [SPAM] =?UTF-8?Q?O_Airbnb_Das_Obras_Em_Casa,


dccp/
=============
   1  BUG: please report to dccp@vger.kernel.org => prev = 2, last = 2 at net/dccp/ccids/lib/packet_history.c:LINE/tfrc_rx_his


dmaengine/
=============
   1  Re: [v9 2/7] dmaengine: fsldma: Adding macro FSL_DMA_IN/OUT


dri-devel/
=============
   2  Re:
   1  [PATCH] drm/drm_pci.c: Use dma_zalloc_coherent
   1  [PATCH v5 4/4] arm64: defconfig: Enable PWM_SUN4I
   1  [PATCH v5 3/4] arm64: defconfig: Enable DRM_SUN8I_DW_HDMI
   1  [PATCH v5 2/4] arm64: defconfig: Enable DRM_SUN8I_MIXER
   1  [PATCH v5 1/4] clk: sunxi-ng: Enable DE2_CCU for SUN8I and SUN50I
   1  [PATCH v2 15/15] arm64: dts: allwinner: bananapi-m64: Bananapi S070WV20-CT16 DSI panel
   1  [PATCH v2 14/15] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: Add DSI pipeline
   1  [PATCH v2 13/15] dt-bindings: sun6i-dsi: Add compatible for A64 DPHY
   1  [PATCH v2 12/15] clk: sunxi-ng: a64: Add min and max rate for PLL_MIPI
   1  [PATCH v2 11/15] drm/panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16 ICN6211 MIPI-DSI to RGB bridge
   1  [PATCH v2 10/15] dt-bindings: panel: Add Bananapi S070WV20-CT16 ICN6211 MIPI-DSI to RGB bridge
   1  [PATCH v2 09/15] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Refactor vertical video start delay
   1  [PATCH v2 08/15] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Fix TCON DRQ set bits
   1  [PATCH v2 07/15] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Fix VBP size calculation
   1  [PATCH v2 06/15] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add DSI Generic short write 2 param transfer
   1  [PATCH v2 05/15] dt-bindings: sun6i-dsi: Add compatible for A64 MIPI DSI
   1  [PATCH v2 04/15] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add Allwinner A64 MIPI DSI support
   1  [PATCH v2 03/15] clk: sunxi-ng: Add check for maximum rate to NKM PLLs
   1  [PATCH v2 02/15] clk: sunxi-ng: Add check for minimal rate to NKM PLLs
   1  [PATCH v2 01/15] clk: sunxi-ng: a64: Fix gate bit of DSI DPHY
   1  [PATCH v2 00/15] drm/sun4i: Allwinner A64 MIPI-DSI support 
   1  [PATCH 6/6] dt-bindings: drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM is actually P120ZDG-BF1
   1  [PATCH 5/6] drm/panel: simple: Innolux TV123WAM is actually P120ZDG-BF1
   1  [PATCH 4/6] drm/bridge: ti-sn65dsi86: Remove the mystery delay
   1  [PATCH 3/6] drm/panel: simple: Add "no-hpd" delay for Innolux TV123WAM
   1  [PATCH 2/6] drm/panel: simple: Support panels with HPD where HPD isn't connected
   1  [PATCH 1/6] dt-bindings: drm/panel: simple: Add no-hpd property
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/rcar-du: Convert drm_atomic_helper_suspend/resume()
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/drm_pci.c: Use dma_zalloc_coherent
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] drm/panel: simple: Add support for the Lemaker
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] vgaarb: Keep adding VGA device in queue
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] drm/bridge: ti-sn65dsi86: Allow DT to set "HPD delay"
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] drm/sun4i: tcon: Support an active-low DE signal
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: drm/bridge: sn65dsi86: Add panel-hpd-delay


embeddedor_com/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] wireless: mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH 20/20] zd1201: mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 19/20] rtlwifi: rtl8821ae: phy: Mark expected switch
   1  [PATCH 18/20] ray_cs: mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH 17/20] rt2x00: rt61pci: mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 16/20] rt2x00: rt2800lib: mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH 15/20] rt2x00: rt2500pci: mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 14/20] rt2x00: rt2400pci: mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 13/20] mwifiex: Mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 12/20] prism54: islpci_dev: mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 11/20] prism54: isl_ioctl: mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 10/20] prism54: isl_38xx: Mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 09/20] orinoco_usb: mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 08/20] iwlegacy: common: mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH 07/20] iwlegacy: 4965-mac: mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 06/20] carl9170: tx: mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH 05/20] carl9170: rx: mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 04/20] ath9k: hw: mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 03/20] ath9k: ar9002_phy: mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH 02/20] ath9k: ar5008_phy: mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 01/20] ath6kl: Mark expected switch fall-through
   1  [PATCH 00/20] Mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  Re: [PATCH] RDMA/hns: Use 64-bit arithmetic instead of 32-bit
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] Compiler Attributes: add support for __fallthrough
   1  Re: [PATCH 01/20] ath6kl: Mark expected switch fall-through


initramfs/
=============
   1  Adding initramfs as an ELF section to bzImage


iommu/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] kernel/dma: Fix panic caused by passing swiotlb to
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] iommu/arm-smmu: Add support to handle Qcom's TLBI
   1  Re: [PATCH 10/10] arm64: use the generic swiotlb_dma_ops
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] iommu/arm-smmu: Add support to use Last level cache
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/10] swiotlb: add support for non-coherent DMA


kbuild-all/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next 6/7] net: hns3: Add enable and process hw errors


kexec/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] x86/quirks: Add parameter to clear MSIs early on boot
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86/quirks: Scan all busses for early PCI quirks


keyrings/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] [PATCH] KEYS: trusted: fix -Wvarags warning
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] [PATCH] KEYS: trusted: fix -Wvarags warning


kvm-arm/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH v2] mm: Introduce new function vm_insert_kmem_page
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: debug: enable UART1 for socfpga Cyclone5
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 07/17] arm64: add basic pointer authentication support
   1  Re: [PATCH 00/17] ARMv8.3 pointer authentication support
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/8] add generic builtin command line


libertas-dev/
=============
   1  [PATCH] libertas: remove set but not used variable 'int_type'
   1  Re: [PATCH] libertas: remove set but not used variable 'int_type'


linux-acpi/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] Power management updates for v4.20-rc1
   1  [GIT PULL] ACPI updates for v4.20-rc1
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: sdhci-pci: Try "cd" for card-detect lookup before
   1  Re: [PATCH v8 0/3] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr
   1  Re: 4.18: early boot crash in thermal_cooling_device_destroy_sysfs


linux-arch/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  Re: [PATCH] kernel/signal: Signal-based pre-coredump notification
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 01/21] csky: Build infrastructure


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arm64: hugetlb: Register hugepages during arch init


linux-bluetooth/
=============
   1  KASAN: use-after-free Write in hci_sock_release


linux-btrfs/
=============
   3  Re: [GIT PULL] Btrfs updates for 4.20, part 1
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/7] btrfs: drop mmap_sem in mkwrite for btrfs
   1  Re: Circular lock dep in btrfs triggered by shrinker


linux-can/
=============
   1  [PATCH V1 2/2] Documentation: can: flexcan: Add stop-mode property to
   1  [PATCH V1 1/2] can: flexcan: Add self wakeup support
   1  [PATCH V1 0/2] can: flexcan: Add CAN self wakeup support


linux-clk/
=============
   2  [PATCH v5 5/5] clk: RK808: add RK809 and RK817 support.
   2  [PATCH v5 4/5] rtc: rk808: add RK809 and RK817 support.
   2  [PATCH v5 3/5] dt-bindings: mfd: rk808: Add binding information for RK809 and RK817.
   2  [PATCH v5 2/5] regulator: rk808: add RK809 and RK817 support.
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] mfd: rk808: Add RK817 and RK809 support
   1  [PATCH v5 0/5] support a new type of PMIC,including two chips(rk817 and rk809)
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/5] mfd: rk808: Add RK817 and RK809 support


linux-crypto/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 09/12] crypto: nhpoly1305 - add NHPoly1305 support
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 00/12] crypto: Adiantum support


linux-doc/
=============
   1  [PATCH] Documentation/proc.txt: Add 2 missing fields for /proc/<pid>/status


linux-efi/
=============
   2  RE: [PATCH 1/2] x86/efi: Unmap efi boot services code/data regions
   1  [PATCH] efi: Fix debugobjects warning on efi_rts_work


linux-ext4/
=============
   6  Re: [PATCH 1/2] Compiler Attributes: add support for __fallthrough
   2  Re: [PATCH 0/2] Compiler Attributes: __fallthrough
   1  Re: possible deadlock in flush_workqueue (2)


linux-fpga/
=============
   1  [PATCH] zynq-fpga: Only route PR via PCAP when required
   1  [PATCH] fpga: altera-cvp: Fix registration for CvP incapable devices
   1  [PATCH] fpga: altera-cvp: Fix registration for CvP incapable devic=
   1  Re: [PATCH] zynq-fpga: Only route PR via PCAP when required


linux-fsdevel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/3] mm: introduce put_user_page*(), placeholder
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mm: Add an F_SEAL_FUTURE_WRITE seal to memfd
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/34] teach move_mount(2) to work with OPEN_TREE_CLONE


linux-iio/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] staging: iio: adt7316: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  [PATCH] staging: iio: adt7316: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  [PATCH v2] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  [PATCH 2/2] staging: iio: ad5933: Remove unnecessary blank line
   1  [PATCH 1/2] staging: iio: ad5933: Remove unnecessary space on casting
   1  [PATCH 0/2] staging: iio: ad5933: Remove unnecessary spaces
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] staging: iio: ad2s1210: Switch to the gpio descriptor


linux-kbuild/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 5/5] Adds -Wshadow on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS
   1  [PATCH v2 4/5] modpost: Changes parameter name to avoid shadowing.
   1  [PATCH v2 3/5] Creates macro to avoid variable shadowing
   1  [PATCH v2 2/5] kbuild: Removes unnecessary shadowed local variable.
   1  [PATCH v2 1/5] x86/vdso: Renames variable to fix shadow warning.
   1  [PATCH v2 0/5] Adds -Wshadow on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS
   1  [PATCH 1/1] Changes style to look more like list iteration.
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/5] x86/vdso: Renames variable to fix shadow warning.


linux-leds/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] leds: gpio: set led_dat->gpiod pointer for OF defined


linux-media/
=============
   1  Re: i.MX6 MIPI-CSI2 OV5640 Camera testing on Mainline Linux
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v3] media: docs-rst: Document m2m stateless video
   1  Re: [PATCH] media: venus: amend buffer size for bitstream plane
   1  Re: [PATCH] media: venus: add support for key frame
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] media: venus: handle peak bitrate set property
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] Document memory-to-memory video codec interfaces


linux-mmc/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] mmc: sdhci-pci: only install voltage switch method when useful
   1  [PATCH v2 2/3] mmc: sdhci-pci: add new machine with 1.8V dmi quirk
   1  [PATCH v2 1/3] mmc: sdhci-pci: disable 1.8V with dmi quirk
   1  [PATCH v2 0/3] sdhci-pci voltage switch fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 2/2] mmc: sdhci-msm: Re-initialize DLL if MCLK is gated


linux-mtd/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP=
   5  RE: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform SFDP SPI
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to non-uniform
   2  RE: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add macros related to MICRON flash
   1  [PATCH v3 7/7] arm64: dts: lx2160a: update fspi node
   1  [PATCH v3 6/7] spi: nxp-fspi: add octo mode flag bit for octal
   1  [PATCH v3 5/7] mtd: m25p80: add support of octo mode I/O transfer
   1  [PATCH v3 4/7] mtd: spi-nor: add octo read flag for flash
   1  [PATCH v3 3/7] mtd: spi-nor: add opcodes for octo Read/Write commands
   1  [PATCH v3 2/7] spi: spi-mem: add support for octo mode I/O data
   1  [PATCH v3 1/7] spi: add support for octo mode I/O data transfer
   1  [PATCH v3 0/7] spi: add support for octo mode
   1  [PATCH RESEND v4 5/5] MAINTAINERS: add maintainers for the NXP
   1  [PATCH RESEND v4 4/5] arm64: defconfig: enable NXP FlexSPI driver
   1  [PATCH RESEND v4 3/5] arm64: dts: lx2160a: add FlexSPI node property
   1  [PATCH RESEND v4 2/5] dt-bindings: spi: add binding file for NXP
   1  [PATCH RESEND v4 1/5] spi: spi-mem: Add driver for NXP FlexSPI
   1  [PATCH RESEND v4 0/5] spi: spi-mem: Add driver for NXP FlexSPI
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add support to
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add macros related to MICRON fl=
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add macros related to MICRON
   1  Re: [PATCH RESEND v4 1/5] spi: spi-mem: Add driver for NXP FlexS=
   1  RE: [PATCH v3 1/2] mtd: spi-nor: add macros related to MICRON fl=
   1  RE: [PATCH RESEND v4 1/5] spi: spi-mem: Add driver for NXP FlexSPI


linux-nvdimm/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/9] dax: kernel memory driver for mm ownership of DAX


linux-omap/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 net-next] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: unsync mcast entries while switch promisc mode
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: unsync mcast entries


linux-perf-users/
=============
   3  Re: Broken dwarf unwinding - wrong stack pointer register value?


linux-pm/
=============
   1  [PATCH] thermal: add ratelimited thermal and power logging
   1  [PATCH 2/2] gsmi: Log event for critical thermal thresholds
   1  [PATCH 1/2] thermal: Add notifier call chain for hot/critical events
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] thermal: Add notifier call chain for hot/critical events
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: cpufreq: Introduce QCOM CPUFREQ Firmware bindings


linux-rdma/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] RDMA/hns: Use 64-bit arithmetic instead of 32-bit


linux-s390/
=============
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages,
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] mm: convert totalram_pages,
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC v3 0/3] Rlimit for module space


linux-sctp/
=============
   1  KASAN: use-after-free Read in sctp_outq_select_transport


linux-serial/
=============
   5  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 1/4] panic: avoid deadlocks in re-entrant console
   1  [PATCH] pch_uart: remove set but not used variable 'tx_empty'
   1  Re: [RFC][PATCHv2 2/4] printk: move printk_safe macros to printk


linux-soc/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 5/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add USB PHY lane two
   1  [PATCH v3 4/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add UFS nodes for sdm845-mtp
   1  [PATCH v3 3/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: add UFS controller
   1  [PATCH v3 0/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add UFS DT nodes
   1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: sdm845: Add PSCI cpuidle low power states
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 5/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add USB PHY lane two
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC v1 7/8] drivers: qcom: cpu_pd: Handle cpu hotplug in
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC 1/5] dt-bindings: power: supply: bq24190_charger: add


linux-spi/
=============
   1  [PATCH v1] spi: spi-qcom-qspi: Fix remaining driver nits
   1  Re: [PATCH v1] spi: spi-qcom-qspi: Fix remaining driver nits


linux-tegra/
=============
   1  [PATCH V2] kmemleak: Add config to select auto scan


linux-usb/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] usb: xhci: fix uninitialized completion when USB3
   1  [PATCH] usb: dwc2: gadget: fix ISOC frame overflow handling
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] usb: xhci: fix timeout for transition from RExit to U0
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] usb: xhci: fix uninitialized completion when USB3 port got wrong status
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] usb: xhci: fix timeout for transition from RExit
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] usb: xhci: fix uninitialized completion when USB3


linux-wireless/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] wireless: mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  [PATCH] rtlwifi: remove set but not used variable 'radiob_array_table' and 'radiob_arraylen'
   1  [PATCH] ath9k: remove set but not used variable 'new_flags'
   1  [PATCH v2] rtlwifi: remove set but not used variable 'radiob_array_table' and 'radiob_arraylen'
   1  Re: [PATCH] wireless: mark expected switch fall-throughs
   1  Re: [PATCH] rtlwifi: remove set but not used variable 'radiob_array_table'


linuxppc-dev/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] powernv: sensor-groups: Add debugfs file to enable/disable sensor groups


lwn/
=============
   1  [GIT PULL] Documentation for 4.20 (or whatever it's called)


ocfs2-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] ocfs2: remove set but not used variable 'lastzero'
   1  [PATCH] ocfs2: dlmfs: remove set but not used variable 'status'


osuosl-devel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] staging: vboxvideo: Removed unnecessary parentheses
   1  [PATCH v2] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio delay
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio delay
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio delay


reiserfs-devel/
=============
   4  Re: Reiser4 Linux 4.17.19-1 hangs in Google cloud VM, too.


virtualization/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] gpu/drm/virtio/virtgpu_vq.c: Use kmem_cache_zalloc


xen-devel/
=============
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/boot: enable NMIs after traps init
   3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/2] x86/monitor: Introduce a boolean to
   2  [Xen-devel] [linux-4.14 test] 128921: tolerable FAIL - PUSHED
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] SUPPORT: Correct the description of altp2m
   2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 08/22] xen/arm: gic-v3: Re-order includes in
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 128944: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 128943: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 128941: all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75483: trouble: blocked/broken
   1  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus test] 128920: regressions - FAIL
   1  [Xen-devel] [libvirt test] 128918: tolerable all pass - PUSHED
   1  [Xen-devel] [distros-debian-snapshot test] 75485: trouble:
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/boot: enable NMIs during cpu_init()
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] SUPPORT: Correct the description of altp2m
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/boot: enable NMIs after traps init
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH V2 3/3] x86/altp2m: fix display frozen when
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH V2 2/3] x86/mm: allocate logdirty_ranges for
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH V2 1/3] x86/altp2m: propagate ept.ad changes to
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH V2 0/3] Fix VGA logdirty related display freezes
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/2] x86/hvm: Drop the may_defer boolean from
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/2] x86/monitor: Introduce a boolean to
   1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 0/2] x86/monitor: More generic livelock avoidance
   1  [Xen-devel] Bug report: vtpmmgr TPM 2.0 implementation
   1  [Xen-devel]  Fix VGA logdirty related display freezes with altp2m
   1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/boot: enable NMIs
   1  [GIT PULL] (xen-swiotlb) stable/for-linus-4.20
   1  [GIT PULL] (xen) stable/for-jens-4.20
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/boot: enable NMIs during cpu_init()
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 1/2] xen/arm: make platform specific code
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/2] x86/hvm: Drop the may_defer boolean
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] Xen optimization
   1  Re: [Xen-devel] PING: [PATCH v3] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event


