
0_Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH V2 3/5] Drivers: hv: kvp: Fix the recent regression
      1  Re: [PATCH] usb: xhci: fix small typo
      1  Re: [PATCH] staging: fix some typo
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] drm/msm: Move fence put to where failure occurs


0_kernel-hardening/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation


0_linux-kernel/
=============
      4  Re: Question: perf dso support for /proc/kallsyms
      3  Re: [PATCH V3 2/2] mmc: sdhci-msm: Re-initialize DLL if MCLK is gated dynamically
      2  Re: lib/genalloc
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH] Implement /proc/pid/kill
      2  Re: Bug#912087: openssh-server: Slow startup after the upgrade to
      2  RE: Question: perf dso support for /proc/kallsyms
      1  possible deadlock in down_trylock (2)
      1  lib/genalloc
      1  general protection fault in delayed_uprobe_remove
      1  [PATCH] x86: boot: Simplified memory.c
      1  [PATCH] regulator: stpmic1: Remove explicitly enable_val and disable_val settings
      1  [PATCH] posix-timers: Use array safe helper when fetching
      1  [PATCH] perf tools: Restore proper cwd on return from mnt ns
      1  [PATCH] genirq/affinity: Spread IRQs to all available NUMA nodes
      1  [PATCH v3] x86/fsgsbase/64: Fix the base write helper functions
      1  [PATCH v3] genirq/matrix: Choose CPU for managed IRQs based on how many of them are allocated
      1  [PATCH v3 2/2] retpolines: Remove the minimal stuff of retpoline
      1  [PATCH v3 1/2] retpolines: Enable retpoline support only when
      1  [PATCH v3 0/2] Enable retpoline support only when compiler support
      1  [PATCH v2] sched/core: Introduce set_next_task() helper for better code readability
      1  [PATCH resend] w1: add missing kernel-doc entry for of_match_table
      1  [PATCH resend] scripts/faddr2line: fix location of start_kernel in
      1  [PATCH 3/3] drivers/char/random.c: make primary_crng static
      1  [PATCH 2/3] drivers/char/random.c: remove unused stuct poolinfo::poolbits
      1  [PATCH 1/3] drivers/char/random.c: constify poolinfo_table
      1  [GIT PULL] sound fixes for 4.20-rc1
      1  WARNING: refcount bug in kobject_put
      1  Re: [diamon-discuss] [RELEASE] LTTng-modules 2.9.11, 2.10.8,
      1  Re: [RFC] doc: rcu: remove note on smp_mb during synchronize_rcu
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/7] compiler_attributes.h: add
      1  Re: [Patch v2] genirq/matrix: Choose CPU for assigning interrupt=
      1  Re: [PATCH] tsc: make calibration refinement more robust
      1  Re: [PATCH] sched/fair: util_est: fix cpu_util_wake for execl
      1  Re: [PATCH] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] sched/core: Introduce set_next_task() helper for
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 00/11] arch/x86: AMD QoS support
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 3/3]: perf record: extend trace writing to multi AIO
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 2/3]: perf record: enable asynchronous trace writing
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 1/3]: perf util: map data buffer for preserving
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC 1/1] drivers: pinctrl: qcom: add wakeup capability to
      1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of Conduct: Fix some wording, and add an interpretation document
      1  Re: WARNING: refcount bug in kobject_put
      1  Re: PLEASE READ: kernelci.org bot email problems
      1  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle
      1  Re: BUG: "do_IRQ: 0.39 No irq handler for vector" from a 16550 port
      1  RE: [Patch v2] genirq/matrix: Choose CPU for assigning interrupts
      1  RE: [PATCH v2 00/11] arch/x86: AMD QoS support
      1  Question: perf dso support for /proc/kallsyms
      1  KASAN: use-after-free Read in delayed_uprobe_remove
      1  BUG: "do_IRQ: 0.39 No irq handler for vector" from a 16550 port


1_kernel_test_robot/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH V6 1/8]  pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as common driver
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH] lockdown: allow kexec_file of unsigned
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: nxp: add more thermal zone
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH i2c-next v9 5/5] i2c: aspeed: Add bus idle
      1  [LKP] a518560778 [ 16.132179] BUG: KASAN: null-ptr-deref in brd_alloc
      1  [LKP] a518560778 [ 16.132179] BUG: KASAN: null-ptr-deref in
      1  [LKP] [x86/pti/64] 86635715ee: will-it-scale.per_thread_ops 4.1%
      1  [LKP] [x86/pti/64]  86635715ee:  will-it-scale.per_thread_ops 4.1%
      1  [LKP] [sunrpc] 6a7da2a288: kernel_BUG_at_lib/iov_iter.c
      1  [LKP] [net/ipv6]  4ed591c8ab:
      1  [LKP] [mm]  172b06c32b:  fsmark.files_per_sec -2.0% regression
      1  [LKP] [mm, huge page]  c9f4cd7138:  vm-scalability.median 6.1%
      1  [LKP] [mm,
      1  [LKP] [bpf] fd978bf7fd: will-it-scale.per_process_ops -4.0%
      1  [LKP] [bpf]  fd978bf7fd:  will-it-scale.per_process_ops -4.0%
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 6/7] vfio: ap: register guest ISC with GISA and GIB
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 4/7] vfio: ap: AP Queue Interrupt Control VFIO ioctl
      1  Re: [PATCH anybus v2 5/5] misc: support HMS Profinet IRT industrial
      1  Re: [PATCH V6 3/8]  misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support
      1  Re: [PATCH V6 2/8]  misc/pvpanic: simplify the code using


ARM_SPREADTRUM_Baolin_Wang/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 4/6] power: supply: core: Add some helpers to use the


Alan_Tull/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] zynq-fpga: Only route PR via PCAP when required
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] fpga: altera-cvp: Fix registration for CvP incapable devices


Alex_Williamson/
=============
      2  Re: Need to scale down the time to release multiple vfio devices


Andrew_Morton/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v4] mm/page_owner: clamp read count to PAGE_SIZE


Andy_Shevchenko/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] ACPI / PMIC: xpower: fix IOSF_MBI dependency


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
      1  [PATCH] x86: vsmp: avoid link error with gcc -Og
      1  [PATCH] vbox: fix link error with 'gcc -Og'
      1  [PATCH] ubifs: replay: fix high stack usage
      1  [PATCH] ubifs: auth: add CONFIG_KEYS dependency
      1  [PATCH] scsi: myrs: only build on little-endian platforms
      1  [PATCH] scsi: myrs: avoid stack overflow warning
      1  [PATCH] scsi: myrb: fix sprintf buffer overflow warning
      1  [PATCH] scsi: lpfc: fix remoteport access
      1  [PATCH] qed: fix link config error handling
      1  [PATCH] openvswitch: fix linking without CONFIG_NF_CONNTRACK_LABELS
      1  [PATCH] net/mlx5e: fix high stack usage
      1  [PATCH] mm: fix uninitialized variable warnings
      1  [PATCH] media: v4l: fix uapi mpeg slice params definition
      1  [PATCH] cxgb4i: fix thermal configuration dependencies
      1  [PATCH] copy_{to,from}_user(): fix compile-time sanity checks with gcc -Og
      1  [PATCH] arm64: hide unused swiotlb functions
      1  [PATCH] [v2] ASoC: wm97xx: fix uninitialized regmap pointer problem
      1  [PATCH] HID: asus: fix build warning wiht CONFIG_ASUS_WMI disabled
      1  [PATCH] EDAC: skx_edac: add ACPI dependency
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: wm97xx: fix uninitialized regmap pointer problem
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: sunxi: rename SND_SUN8I_ADDA_PR_REGMAP
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: skl: always select SND_SOC_HDAC_HDA
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: pxa: change ac97 dependencies
      1  [PATCH] ACPI / PMIC: xpower: fix IOSF_MBI dependency
      1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 31 (vboxguest)
      1  Re: [PATCH] ASoC: wm97xx: fix uninitialized regmap pointer problem


Balbir_Singh/
=============
      1  [PATCH] mm/hotplug: Optimize clear_hwpoisoned_pages
      1  Re: [PATCH] memory_hotplug: cond_resched in __remove_pages


Brendan_Higgins/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v1] net: ipv6: fix racey clock check in route cache aging logic


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v4] mm/page_owner: clamp read count to PAGE_SIZE


CHROME_Olof_Johansson/
=============
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH] pinctrl: mediatek: Fix dependencies for
      1  [PATCH] ARM64: dma: move swiotlb helpers under CONFIG_IOMMU_DMA
      1  Re: [PATCH] ARM64: dma: move swiotlb helpers under CONFIG_IOMMU_DMA
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] RISC-V: A few build/warning fixes and cleanup


Charles_Keepax/
=============
      1  [RESEND PATCH] mfd: wm5110: Add missing ASRC rate register
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: wm8996: fix small typo
      1  Re: [PATCH] ASoC: wm97xx: fix uninitialized regmap pointer problem
      1  Re: [PATCH] ASoC: wm8996: fix small typo


Christoffer_Dall/
=============
      1  [PATCH] KVM: arm64: Clarify explanation of STAGE2_PGTABLE_LEVELS
      1  [PATCH] KVM: arm/arm64: Fix unintended stage 2 PMD mappings
      1  Re: [PATCH] KVM: arm64: Clarify explanation of STAGE2_PGTABLE_LEVELS
      1  Re: [PATCH] KVM: arm/arm64: Fix unintended stage 2 PMD mappings
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 6/7] arm64: docs: document KVM support of pointer
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] arm64/kvm: context-switch ptrauth registers


Christoph_Hellwig/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC] dma-direct: do not allocate a single page from CMA


Daniel_Borkmann/
=============
      1  Re: [LKP] [bpf] fd978bf7fd: will-it-scale.per_process_ops -4.0%


David_Howells/
=============
      2  Re: [git pull] mount API series
      1  Re: [LKP] [sunrpc] 6a7da2a288: kernel_BUG_at_lib/iov_iter.c


David_S_Miller/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v2 3/4] sparc: add system call table generation support
      1  [PATCH] sparc64: Wire up compat getpeername and getsockname.
      1  Re: [PATCH resend] macvlan: use per-cpu queues for broadcast and
      1  PLEASE READ: kernelci.org bot email problems


Dennis_Zhou/
=============
      1  [PATCH] blkcg: revert blkcg cleanups series


Florian_Fainelli/
=============
      1  [PATCH] serial: 8250: Default SERIAL_OF_PLATFORM to SERIAL_8250
      1  [PATCH stable 4.9] posix-timers: Sanitize overrun handling
      1  [PATCH net 2/2] net: systemport: Protect stop from timeout
      1  [PATCH net 1/2] net: bcmgenet: protect stop from timeout
      1  Re: [PATCH] ARM64: dma: move swiotlb helpers under CONFIG_IOMMU_DMA


Ganesh_Goudar/
=============
      1  pull request: linux-firmware: update cxgb4 firmware


Grygorii_Strashko/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] i2c-omap: Enable i2c-omap driver for AM654 SoCs


Haiyang_Zhang/
=============
      1  [PATCH V2 3/5] Drivers: hv: kvp: Fix the recent regression cause=
      1  RE: [PATCH V2 3/5] Drivers: hv: kvp: Fix the recent regression caused


Hans_de_Goede/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] ACPI / PMIC: xpower: fix IOSF_MBI dependency
      1  Re: Regression found (Stop-marking-clocks-as-CLK_IS_CRITICAL)


Heikki_Krogerus/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] usb: typec: tcpm: charge current handling for
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/3] usb: typec: tcpm: Do not disconnect link for self
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] dt-bindings: connector: Add self-powered property


Heiko_Stuebner/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] thermal: rockchip_thermal: simplify getting .driver_data


Icenowy_Zheng/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 03/10] phy: sun4i-usb: add support for H6 USB2 PHY


Jacopo_Mondi/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH resend] arch/sh: mach-kfr2r09: fix struct mtd_oob_ops


Jakub_Kicinski/
=============
      1  Re: [LKP] [tools]  6534770d6f:


James_E_J_Bottomley/
=============
      1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v14 09/19] x86/mm: x86/sgx: Signal SEGV_SGXERR for #PFs
      1  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups


Jason_Wang/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] vhost/vsock: fix use-after-free in network stack


Jens_Axboe/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] blkcg: revert blkcg cleanups series
      1  Re: [PATCH 06/16] blk-mq: add 'type' attribute to the sysfs hctx
      1  Re: [LKP] a518560778 [ 16.132179] BUG: KASAN: null-ptr-deref in


Jerome_Brunet/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver


Jessica_Yu/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] ARM: module: Fix function kallsyms on Thumb-2


Jiri_Pirko/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] macvlan: use per-cpu queues for broadcast and multicast


Joel_Stanley/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] raid6/ppc: Fix build for clang


John_Garry/
=============
      2  Re: Crash report: Broken NUMA distance map causes crash on arm64


John_Johansen/
=============
      1  [GIT PULL] apparmor updates for v4.20


John_Stultz/
=============
      1  Re: TSC to Mono-raw Drift


Jon_Hunter/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] kbuild: consolidate single targets


Josh_Poimboeuf/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces
      1  Re: [PATCH resend] scripts/faddr2line: fix location of start_kernel


Josh_Triplett/
=============
      1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of


Juergen_Gross/
=============
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen: remove size limit of privcmd-buf mapping
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 19/19] xen_pvh: add support to configure
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 18/19] xen_pvh: support grub-install for
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 17/19] xen_pvh: support building a standalone
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 16/19] grub-module-verifier: Ignore all_video
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 15/19] xen_pvh: add build runes for grub-core
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 14/19] xen: init memory regions for PVH
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 13/19] xen: setup Xen specific data for PVH
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 12/19] xen: add PCI MMIO areas to memory map
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 11/19] xen: get memory map from hypervisor
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 10/19] xen: setup hypercall page for PVH
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 09/19] xen: add PVH boot entry code
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 08/19] xen: add basic hooks for PVH in
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 07/19] xen: add PVH specific defines to
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 06/19] xen: rearrange xen/init.c to prepare
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 05/19] xen: add some dummy headers for PVH
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 04/19] xen: prepare common code for Xen PVH
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 03/19] xen: carve out grant tab
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 02/19] loader/linux: support passing rsdp
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 01/19] xen: add some xen headers
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 00/19] xen: add pvh guest support
      1  Re: [PATCH] xen/grant-table: Fix incorrect gnttab_dma_free_pages()
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] x86/build: Build VSMP support only if CONFIG_PCI is
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] i8253: Fix PIT shutdown quirk on Hyper-V


Julia_Lawall/
=============
      1  [PATCH] media: rockchip/rga: constify video_device structure
      1  [PATCH] mailbox: hi3660: constify mbox_chan_ops structure
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: smd845: constify snd_soc_ops structure


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
      1  Re: [Qemu-devel] [QEMU PATCH v2 0/2]: KVM: i386: Add support for save


Kees_Cook/
=============
      1  [PATCH linux-next 1/8] pstore/ram: Standardize module name in ramoops
      1  [PATCH 8/8] pstore/ram: Correctly calculate usable PRZ bytes
      1  [PATCH 7/8] pstore: Remove needless lock during console writes
      1  [PATCH 6/8] pstore: Replace open-coded << with BIT()
      1  [PATCH 5/8] pstore: Improve and update some comments and status output
      1  [PATCH 4/8] pstore/ram: Add kern-doc for struct persistent_ram_zone
      1  [PATCH 3/8] pstore/ram: Report backend assignments with finer granularity
      1  [PATCH 2/8] pstore: Do not use crash buffer for decompression
      1  [PATCH 0/8] pstore improvements (pstore-next)
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/7] runtime format string checking
      1  Re: [PULL] vhost: cleanups and fixes
      1  Re: [PATCH] scsi/aic94xx/aic94xx_hwi.c: Use dma_pool_zalloc
      1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: kprobes: Fix false positive with FORTIFY_SOURCE
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] RISC-V: Add support for SECCOMP


Keith_Busch/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 13/16] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)


Kieran_Bingham/
=============
      1  [PATCH v4 4/4] media: i2c: Add RDACM20 driver
      1  [PATCH v4 3/4] media: i2c: Add MAX9286 driver
      1  [PATCH v4 2/4] dt-bindings: media: i2c: Add bindings for IMI RDACM20
      1  [PATCH v4 1/4] dt-bindings: media: i2c: Add bindings for Maxim Integrated MAX9286
      1  [PATCH v4 0/4] MAX9286 GMSL Support


Kishon_Vijay_Abraham_I/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 03/10] phy: sun4i-usb: add support for H6 USB2 PHY


Krzysztof_Kozlowski/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/8] clk: clk-s3c2410-dclk: clean up clkdev lookup leak
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/8] clk: clk-max77686: Clean clkdev lookup leak and


LEAKING_ADDRESSES_Tycho_Andersen/
=============
      5  Re: [PATCH v8 1/2] seccomp: add a return code to trap to userspace


Laurent_Pinchart/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 4/6] usb: gadget: add functions to signal udc driver to delay status stage


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
      3  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups
      2  Re: [git pull] mount API series
      2  Re: [PULL] vhost: cleanups and fixes
      1  Re: [git pull] work.afs
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 03/16] mm: Replace BUG_ON() by WARN_ON() in vm_unmap_ram()
      1  Re: [PULL REQUEST] i2c for 4.20
      1  Re: [PULL 0/4] Xtensa fixes for v4.20
      1  Re: [GIT] Sparc
      1  Re: [GIT] Networking
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] security: keys updates for v4.20
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] percpu changes for v4.20-rc1
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] overlayfs update for 4.20
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] gcc-plugin stackleak for v4.20-rc1
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] fixup dtb Kbuild for C-SKY(csky) Port
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] Devicetree fixes for 4.20-rc1
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] Addition of the I3C subsystem in 4.20 (5.0)?


Linus_Walleij/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] gpiolib: Fix possible use after free on label
      1  Re: [PATCH anybus v2 1/5] misc: support the Arcx anybus bridge.


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
      1  [PATCH] mm, memory_hotplug: teach has_unmovable_pages about of LRU migrateable pages
      1  Re: [PATCH] mm/hotplug: Optimize clear_hwpoisoned_pages
      1  Re: [PATCH] memory_hotplug: cond_resched in __remove_pages
      1  Re: [PATCH v4] mm/page_owner: clamp read count to PAGE_SIZE
      1  Re: [PATCH v15 1/2] Reorganize the oom report in dump_header
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC] mm: do not start node_reclaim for page order >
      1  Re: [PATCH 2] mm/kvmalloc: do not call kmalloc for size >
      1  Re: Will the recent memory leak fixes be backported to longterm


Mark_Rutland/
=============
      1  Re: [PULL] vhost: cleanups and fixes


Martin_Schwidefsky/
=============
      1  [RFC][PATCH] s390/mm: fix mis-accounting of pgtable_bytes
      1  Re: s390: runtime warning about pgtables_bytes


Masahiro_Yamada/
=============
      1  [PATCH] vbox: fix link error with 'gcc -Og'
      1  [PATCH] kconfig: merge_config: avoid false positive matches from comment lines
      1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 31 (vboxguest)
      1  Re: [PATCH] kbuild: consolidate single targets


Masami_Hiramatsu/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces
      1  Re: [PATCH AUTOSEL 4.14 17/19] selftests: ftrace: Add synthetic
      1  Re: [BUGFIX PATCH] tracing/kprobes: Fix strpbrk() argument order


Mathieu_Desnoyers/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 03/16] mm: Replace BUG_ON() by WARN_ON() in
      1  [RFC PATCH 2/2] glibc: sched_getcpu(): use rseq cpu_id TLS on Linux
      1  [RFC PATCH 1/2] glibc: Perform rseq(2) registration at nptl init and thread creation (v3)
      1  [RELEASE] LTTng-modules 2.9.11, 2.10.8, 2.11.0-rc2 (Linux kernel
      1  Supporting core-specific instruction sets (e.g. big.LITTLE) with
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/2] glibc: Perform rseq(2) registration at nptl


Max_Filippov/
=============
      1  [PULL 0/4] Xtensa fixes for v4.20


Michael_Ellerman/
=============
      1  [GIT PULL] Please pull powerpc/linux.git powerpc-4.20-2 tag
      1  Re: [PATCH] powerpc/powernv: remove dead npu-dma code


Michael_S_Tsirkin/
=============
      3  Re: [PULL] vhost: cleanups and fixes
      1  [PULL] vhost: cleanups and fixes


Miguel_Ojeda_Sandonis/
=============
      2  Re: linux-next: Tree for Nov 2
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] Compiler Attributes: auxdisplay: panel: use __fallthrough
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/7] compiler_attributes.h: add __attribute__((format_arg))


Miklos_Szeredi/
=============
      1  [GIT PULL] overlayfs update for 4.20


Nicolin_Chen/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH RFC] dma-direct: do not allocate a single page from CMA
      1  [PATCH] iommu/dma: Zero pages manually in a length of scatterlist


Oleg_Nesterov/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v8 1/2] seccomp: add a return code to trap to userspace


P1_devicetree/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH anybus v2 1/5] misc: support the Arcx anybus bridge.
      1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: nxp: add more thermal zone support
      1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: i.MX25: add the clocks for the EPIT blocks
      1  [GIT PULL] Devicetree fixes for 4.20-rc1
      1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: mmci: add variant property to send stop cmd if a
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] phy: zynqmp: Add phy driver for xilinx zynqmp phy core
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 1/2] dt-bindings: mmc: sdhci-msm: Add new compatible
      1  RE: [PATCH v3 1/2] phy: zynqmp: Add phy driver for xilinx zynqmp phy


P1_kvm/
=============
      4  Re: [Qemu-devel] [QEMU PATCH v2 0/2]: KVM: i386: Add support for save
      3  Re: [Qemu-devel] [QEMU PATCH v2 0/2]: KVM: i386: Add support for
      2  Re: [kvm PATCH v6 2/2] kvm: x86: Dynamically allocate guest_fpu
      1  [kvm-unit-tests PATCH] x86: svm: Add debug registers intercepts test
      1  [kvm-unit-tests PATCH v1 2/2] x86: svm: Add MSR intercepts test
      1  [kvm-unit-tests PATCH v1 1/2] x86: svm: Fix incorrect ordering within
      1  [kvm-unit-tests PATCH v1 0/2] x86: svm: Add MSR intercepts test
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH v3] x86/kvmclock : convert to SPDX identifiers
      1  [PATCH v2 kvmtool] virtio: Fix ordering of virt_queue__available()
      1  [PATCH kvmtool] virtio: Fix ordering of virt_queue__available()
      1  Re: [Qemu-devel] [QEMU PATCH v2 0/2]: KVM: i386: Add support for save and restore nested state
      1  Re: [PULL 0/7] x86 queue, 2018-10-30
      1  Re: [PATCH] kvm: mmu: Fix race in emulated page table writes
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/8] perf/x86: add support to mask counters from host
      1  Re: [PATCH 10/11] x86/fpu: prepare copy_fpstate_to_sigframe for
      1  Re: [PATCH 08/11] x86/fpu: Always store the registers in
      1  Re: [PATCH 00/10] x86: PTE D Bit based dirty logging
      1  Re: Should KVM creation fail if debugfs fails?


P1_linux-mm/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] mm/thp: Correctly differentiate between mapped THP and
      1  [PATCH RFC] mm: do not start node_reclaim for page order > MAX_ORDER
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/3] printk: Add line-buffered printk() API.
      1  Re: [PATCH 2] mm/kvmalloc: do not call kmalloc for size >


P1_netdev/
=============
      1  [SPAM] general protection fault in xfrmi_lookup
      1  [PATCH] macvlan: use per-cpu queues for broadcast and multicast
      1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: stratix10: fix multicast filtering
      1  [PATCH v2] arm64: dts: stratix10: fix multicast filtering
      1  [PATCH v2 net] net: hns3: Fix for out-of-bounds access when setting pfc back pressure
      1  Re: bnx2: rx_fw_discards: BCM5716 sporadically drops packets when
      1  Re: [PATCH net] net: hns3: Fix for out-of-bounds access when setting
      1  RE: [PATCH] arm64: dts: stratix10: fix multicast filtering
      1  RE: [PATCH v2] arm64: dts: stratix10: fix multicast filtering
      1  KASAN: use-after-free Read in ip6_tnl_parse_tlv_enc_lim


Palmer_Dabbelt/
=============
      1  [GIT PULL] RISC-V Patches for the 4.20 Merge Window, Part 3
      1  Re: [RFC 0/2] RISC-V: A proposal to add vendor-specific code
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] RISC-V: defconfig: Enable printk timestamps
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] RISC-V: refresh defconfig
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] RISC-V: A few build/warning fixes and cleanup


Paul_Burton/
=============
      1  [PATCH] SUNRPC: Use atomic(64)_t for seq_send(64)
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH] lib: Introduce generic __cmpxchg_u64() and use it


Paul_Durrant/
=============
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/3] Improve xen_disk response
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] xen_disk qdevification (was: [PATCH 0/3]
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/3] Avoid repeated memory allocation in
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/3] Improve xen_disk batching behaviour


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
      7  Re: [RFC PATCH] lib: Introduce generic __cmpxchg_u64() and use it
      3  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] Call to Action Re: [PATCH 0/7] Code of
      1  srcu: use cpu_online() instead custom check
      1  rcu: make RCU_BOOST default on RT
      1  rcu: enable rcu_normal_after_boot by default for RT
      1  rcu: Merge RCU-bh into RCU-preempt
      1  rcu: Make ksoftirqd do RCU quiescent states
      1  rcu: Frob softirq test
      1  Re: [RFC] doc: rcu: remove note on smp_mb during synchronize_rcu
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC kenrel/rcu] Eliminate BUG_ON() for sync.c
      1  EXP rcu: Revert expedited GP parallelization cleverness


Pavel_Machek/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 4.4 50/92] mm: filemap: avoid unnecessary calls to
      1  Re: [PATCH 01/25] amd-gpu: Don't undefine READ and WRITE [ver #2]
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/8] OLPC 1.75 Keyboard/Touchpad fixes


Peter_Rosin/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] i2c: rk3x: fix some typo


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
      7  Re: [RFC PATCH] lib: Introduce generic __cmpxchg_u64() and use it
      3  Re: Crash report: Broken NUMA distance map causes crash on arm64
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] sched/core: Introduce set_next_task() helper for
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] lockdep: Use line-buffered printk() for lockdep
      1  Re: [PATCH 10/17] prmem: documentation


Pierre-Louis_Bossart/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] ASoC: skl: always select SND_SOC_HDAC_HDA


Rich_Felker/
=============
      4  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups


Richard_Weinberger/
=============
      1  [PATCH] um: Update maintainers file entry
      1  Re: [PATCH] ubifs: auth: add CONFIG_KEYS dependency


Rob_Herring/
=============
      1  Re: make[3]: *** No rule to make target 'arch/mips/boot/dts/brcm/bcm93384wvg.dtb',
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] dt-bindings: connector: Add self-powered property
      1  Re: [PATCH 13/36] dt-bindings: arm: Convert PMU binding to json-schema


Russell_King/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] ARM:kexec:offline panic_smp_self_stop CPU


Samuel_Mendoza-Jonas/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH net-next 5/6] net/ncsi: Reset channel state in


Serge_E_Hallyn/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH] Implement /proc/pid/kill


Shuah_Khan/
=============
      1  [RFC PATCH v8 4/4] sound/usb: Use Media Controller API to share media resources
      1  [RFC PATCH v8 3/4] media: media.h: Enable ALSA MEDIA_INTF_T* interface types
      1  [RFC PATCH v8 2/4] media: change au0828 to use Media Device Allocator API
      1  [RFC PATCH v8 1/4] media: Media Device Allocator API
      1  [RFC PATCH v8 0/4] Media Device Allocator API


Stefan_Hajnoczi/
=============
      2  [RFC] vhost/vsock: fix use-after-free in network stack callers
      2  Re: [RFC] vhost/vsock: fix use-after-free in network stack callers
      1  [PATCH v2] vhost/vsock: fix use-after-free in network stack callers


Stefano_Stabellini/
=============
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 25/25] xen/arm: split domain_build.c
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] README.hardware-acquisition [and 1
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] README.hardware-acquisition


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] clk: fixed-factor: fix of_node_get-put imbalance
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/5] Implement devm_of_clk_add_provider


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces
      2  Re: [BUGFIX PATCH] tracing/kprobes: Fix strpbrk() argument order
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH for 4.21 03/16] mm: Replace BUG_ON() by WARN_ON() in
      1  Re: [PATCH] ring-buffer: fix small typo


Sudeep_Holla/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC 1/2] dt-bindings: topology: Add RISC-V cpu topology.


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
      1  [PATCH v6 1/3] printk: Add line-buffered printk() API.
      1  [PATCH 3/3] lockdep: Use line-buffered printk() for lockdep messages.
      1  [PATCH 2/3] mm: Use line-buffered printk() for show_free_areas().
      1  Re: [PATCH v5] printk: Add line-buffered printk() API.


Theodore_Tso/
=============
      2  Re: Bug#912087: openssh-server: Slow startup after the upgrade to


Thierry_Reding/
=============
      1  [GIT PULL] pwm: Changes for v4.20-rc1


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
      5  Re: TSC to Mono-raw Drift
      1  Re: [PATCH] x86/gart: Rewrite early_gart_iommu_check() comment


VFS_Alexander_Viro/
=============
      3  Re: [git pull] mount API series
      1  [git pull] work.afs
      1  Re: [PATCH] Make JFFS2 endianness configurable


Viresh_Kumar/
=============
      1  [PATCH V4 09/10] OPP: Rename and relocate of_genpd_opp_to_performance_state()


Vladimir_Zapolskiy/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: dts: i.MX25: add the clocks for the EPIT blocks


Wei_Liu/
=============
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 11/16] x86: don't set sysenter_entry in
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3] libxl/arm: fix guest type conversion
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 7/7] x86: update help string for CONFIG_HVM
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 6/7] x86: expose CONFIG_PV
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/7] x86: make entry point code build when
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 4/7] x86: rearrange x86_64/entry.S
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 3/7] x86: make PV hypercall entry points work
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/domctl: rework XEN_DOMCTL_{set,
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 1/7] x86: make traps.c build with !CONFIG_PV
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 0/7] Make CONFIG_PV work on x86
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] per-domain configuration and inappropriate use of
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 14/16] x86: make entry point code build
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 13/16] x86: rearrange x86_64/entry.S
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 09/16] x86: don't setup PV hypercall
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] README.hardware-acquisition [and 1


Will_Deacon/
=============
      1  [PATCH] mremap: properly flush TLB before releasing the page
      1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: kdump: fix small typo
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64/module: use mod->klp_info section header


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/4] x86/mm: declare check_la57_support() as inline
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 0/6] EDAC: Enhancements to Synopsys EDAC driver
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] PCI/AER: Option to leave System Error Interrupts


alsa-devel/
=============
      3  [PATCH] ASoC: wm8996: fix small typo
      1  [PATCH v2 3/3] ALSA: hda: add support for Huawei WMI MicMute LED
      1  [PATCH v2 2/3] ALSA: hda: fix front speakers on Huawei MBXP.
      1  [PATCH v2 1/3] x86: add support for Huawei WMI hotkeys.
      1  [PATCH v2 0/3] Huawei laptops WMI & sound fixes
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: core: Invoke pcm_new() for all DAI-link
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: core: Invoke pcm_new() for all
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] CHROMIUM: ASoC: rt5663: Add documentation for power


amd-gfx/
=============
      1  [PATCH] drm/amd/amdgpu/dm: Fix dm_dp_create_fake_mst_encoder()


cgroups/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 12/12] cpuset: Show descriptive text when reading
      1  Re: Kernel panic when enabling cgroup2 io controller at runtime


containers/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH 6/6] shiftfs: support nested shiftfs mounts
      1  [RFC PATCH 6/6] shiftfs: support nested shiftfs mounts
      1  [RFC PATCH 5/6] shiftfs: add support for posix acls
      1  [RFC PATCH 4/6] shiftfs: translate uids using s_user_ns from lower fs
      1  [RFC PATCH 3/6] shiftfs: copy inode attrs up from underlying fs
      1  [RFC PATCH 2/6] shiftfs: map inodes to lower fs inodes instead of dentries
      1  [RFC PATCH 2/6] shiftfs: map inodes to lower fs inodes instead of
      1  [RFC PATCH 1/6] shiftfs: uid/gid shifting bind mount
      1  [RFC PATCH 0/6] shiftfs fixes and enhancements
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/6] shiftfs fixes and enhancements
      1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 05/10] audit: add support for
      1  Re: [PATCH ghak90 (was ghak32) V4 01/10] audit: collect audit task


dri-devel/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v2] drm/msm: Move fence put to where failure occurs
      2  Re: [PATCH v1] drm/msm: Move fence put to where failure occurs
      1  [git pull] drm next fixes for 4.20-rc1
      1  [PATCH v2] drm/msm: Move fence put to where failure occurs
      1  [PATCH v2 5/7] drm/panel: simple: Add support for the LeMaker BL035-RGB-002 3.5" LCD
      1  [PATCH v2 4/7] dt-bindings: Add bindings for the LeMaker BL035-RGB-002 LCD panel
      1  [PATCH v2 3/7] dt-bindings: Add vendor prefix for LeMaker
      1  [PATCH v2 2/7] drm/sun4i: tcon: Support an active-low DE signal with RGB interface
      1  [PATCH v2 1/7] drm/sun4i: tcon: Pass encoder instead of using panel for RGB setup
      1  [PATCH v2 0/7] BL035-RGB-002 3.5" LCD sunxi DRM support
      1  [PATCH v1] drm/msm: Move fence put to where failure occurs
      1  [PATCH NOT FOR MERGE v2 7/7] ARM: dts: sun7i-a20-bananapi: Add bindings for the LeMaker 3.5" LCD
      1  [PATCH NOT FOR MERGE v2 6/7] ARM: dts: sun7i: Add pinmux configuration for LCD0 RGB888 pins
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/7] BL035-RGB-002 3.5" LCD sunxi DRM support


fs_notify_Amir_Goldstein/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH 6/6] shiftfs: support nested shiftfs mounts
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/6] shiftfs fixes and enhancements


intel-gfx/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v3] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable


iommu/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v2 05/14] iommu/io-pgtable-arm-v7s: Extend MediaTek 4GB
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 04/14] iommu/io-pgtable-arm-v7s: Add paddr_to_iopte and
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 04/14] iommu/io-pgtable-arm-v7s: Add paddr_to_iopte
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC] dma-direct: do not allocate a single page from CMA


kbuild-all/
=============
      1  Re: [tip:locking/core 5/6] /bin/bash: scripts/atomic/check-atomics.sh:
      1  Re: [kbuild-all] make[3]: *** No rule to make target
      1  RE: [kbuild-all] make[3]: *** No rule to make target


kexec/
=============
      1  [PATCH] lockdown: allow kexec_file of unsigned images when not under lockdown


kvm-arm/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] KVM: arm/arm64: Fix unintended stage 2 PMD mappings
      2  Re: [PATCH v5 11/17] arm64: docs: document pointer authentication
      1  [PATCH v3 7/7] clk: apcs-msm8916: simplify probe cleanup by using
      1  [PATCH v3 6/7] clk: clk-twl6040: Free of_provider at remove
      1  [PATCH v3 5/7] clk: rk808: use managed version of of_provider
      1  [PATCH v3 4/7] clk: clk-hi655x: Free of_provider at remove
      1  [PATCH v3 3/7] clk: clk-st: avoid clkdev lookup leak at remove
      1  [PATCH v3 2/7] clk: clk-max77686: Clean clkdev lookup leak and use
      1  [PATCH v3 1/7] clk: clkdev/of_clk - add managed lookup and provider
      1  [PATCH v3 0/7] clk: clkdev: managed clk lookup and provider
      1  [PATCH v2] ARM:kexec:offline panic_smp_self_stop CPU
      1  Re: [PATCH] KVM: arm64: Clarify explanation of STAGE2_PGTABLE_LEVELS
      1  Re: [PATCH] ARM:kexec:offline panic_smp_self_stop CPU
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/8] clk: clk-s3c2410-dclk: clean up clkdev lookup leak
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/8] clk: clk-max77686: Clean clkdev lookup leak and


linux-alpha/
=============
      1  [PATCH] include/asm/cmpxchg.h: Remove duplicate header


linux-amlogic/
=============
      1  [PATCH v6 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver
      1  [PATCH v6 2/3] clk: meson: add DT documentation for emmc clock controller
      1  [PATCH v6 2/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add support for Amlogic NAND flash controller
      1  [PATCH v6 1/3] clk: meson: add emmc sub clock phase delay driver
      1  [PATCH v6 1/2] dt-bindings: nand: meson: add Amlogic NAND controller driver
      1  [PATCH v6 0/3] clk: meson: add a sub EMMC clock controller support
      1  [PATCH v6 0/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add Amlogic NAND driver support
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver


linux-api/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/2] glibc: Perform rseq(2) registration at nptl init


linux-arch/
=============
      1  [PATCH] sparc64: Wire up compat getpeername and getsockname.
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/4] sparc: add system call table generation support


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
      1  sama5d: using the ebi interface from another driver
      1  [PATCH v2] arm64: kdump: fix small typo


linux-aspeed/
=============
      1  [PATCH] i2c: aspeed: Fix an incorrect error log printing
      1  Re: [PATCH i2c-next v9 5/5] i2c: aspeed: Add bus idle waiting logic


linux-audit/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] RISC-V: Add support for SECCOMP


linux-block/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 0/2] loop: Better discard for block devices
      1  [PATCH V4 5/5] blk-mq: ensure hctx to be ran on mapped cpu when issue directly
      1  [PATCH V4 4/5] blk-mq: issue directly with bypass 'false' in blk_mq_sched_insert_requests
      1  [PATCH V4 3/5] blk-mq: fix issue directly case when q is stopped or quiesced
      1  [PATCH V4 2/5] blk-mq: refactor the code of issue request directly
      1  [PATCH V4 1/5] blk-mq: make __blk_mq_issue_directly be able to accept NULL cookie pointer
      1  [PATCH V4 0/5] blk-mq: refactor and fix on issue request directly
      1  [PATCH RFC] block,
      1  [PATCH RFC] blk-mq: initialize default elevator after probing
      1  [PATCH 4/4] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing) sets of IRQs
      1  [PATCH 3/4] irq: pass first vector to __irq_build_affinity_masks
      1  [PATCH 2/4] irq: move 2-stage irq spread into one helper
      1  [PATCH 0/4] irq: fix support for allocating sets of IRQs
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC] block, bfq: set default slice_idle to zero for
      1  Re: [LKP] a518560778 [ 16.132179] BUG: KASAN: null-ptr-deref in


linux-clk/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/5] Implement devm_of_clk_add_provider


linux-edac/
=============
      1  [PATCH v10 0/6] EDAC: Enhancements to Synopsys EDAC driver
      1  [GIT PULL] EDAC updates for 4.20, part 2
      1  RE: [PATCH v10 0/6] EDAC: Enhancements to Synopsys EDAC driver


linux-ext4/
=============
      1  [SPAM] KASAN: use-after-free Read in ext4_xattr_set_entry


linux-fbdev/
=============
      1  [PATCH fbdev-for-next 2/2] video: ssd1307fb: Add support for the
      1  [PATCH fbdev-for-next 1/2] dt-bindings: display: ssd1307fb: Add


linux-fsdevel/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] x86/build: Build VSMP support only if CONFIG_PCI is
      1  [PATCH v2 12/12] f2fs: fs-verity support
      1  [PATCH v2 11/12] ext4: add fs-verity read support
      1  [PATCH v2 10/12] ext4: add basic fs-verity support
      1  [PATCH v2 09/12] fs-verity: support builtin file signatures
      1  [PATCH v2 08/12] fs-verity: add CRC-32C support
      1  [PATCH v2 07/12] fs-verity: add SHA-512 support
      1  [PATCH v2 06/12] fs-verity: implement FS_IOC_MEASURE_VERITY ioctl
      1  [PATCH v2 05/12] fs-verity: implement FS_IOC_ENABLE_VERITY ioctl
      1  [PATCH v2 04/12] fs-verity: add data verification hooks for ->readpages()
      1  [PATCH v2 03/12] fs-verity: add MAINTAINERS file entry
      1  [PATCH v2 02/12] fs-verity: add setup code, UAPI, and Kconfig
      1  [PATCH v2 01/12] fs-verity: add a documentation file
      1  [PATCH v2 00/12] fs-verity: read-only file-based authenticity protection
      1  [PATCH resend] fs/posix_acl: fix kernel-doc warnings and typo
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 10/12] ext4: add basic fs-verity support


linux-gpio/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2 bus+gpio 4/4] dt-bindings: gpio: Document GPIOs via Moxtet bus
      1  [PATCH v2 bus+gpio 3/4] drivers: gpio: Add support for GPIOs over Moxtet bus
      1  [PATCH v2 bus+gpio 2/4] dt-bindings: bus: Document moxtet bus binding
      1  [PATCH v2 bus+gpio 1/4] bus: Add support for Moxtet bus


linux-hwmon/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/7] runtime format string checking


linux-i2c/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] i2c: rk3x: fix some typo
      1  Re: [PATCH] i2c: rk3x: fix some typo


linux-iio/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v4 3/3] iio: magnetometer: Add driver support for PNI
      1  [PATCH] iio: sx932x: Add driver for Semtech sx932x proximity sensor
      1  [PATCH v5 3/3] iio: magnetometer: Add driver support for PNI RM3100
      1  [PATCH v5 2/3] iio: magnetometer: Add DT support for PNI RM3100
      1  [PATCH v5 1/3] dt-bindings: Add PNI to the vendor prefixes.
      1  [PATCH v5 0/3] Add support for PNI RM3100 magnetometer
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/2] dt-bindings: iio: vadc: Update example to
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Make probe handle spi_setup
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Make read_raw return


linux-input/
=============
      1  [PATCH] driver: input: fix UBSAN warning in input_defuzz_abs_event


linux-kbuild/
=============
      1  [PATCH] scripts/kconfig/merge_config: don't redefine 'y' to 'm'
      1  [PATCH] kbuild: rpm-pkg: fix two build breaks when O= is used


linux-kselftest/
=============
      5  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces


linux-media/
=============
      1  [PATCH v3] media: venus: add support for key frame
      1  [PATCH v2] media: venus: dynamic handling of bitrate
      1  Re: [PATCH] media: venus: dynamic handling of bitrate
      1  Re: [PATCH] media: venus: add support for selection rectangles
      1  Re: BUG: pagefault on kernel address ADDR in non-whitelisted uaccess
      1  INFO: task hung in flush_workqueue
      1  BUG: pagefault on kernel address ADDR in non-whitelisted uaccess


linux-mediatek/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v4] mm/page_owner: clamp read count to PAGE_SIZE
      1  [PATCH v4] mm/page_owner: clamp read count to PAGE_SIZE


linux-mips/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH] lib: Introduce generic __cmpxchg_u64() and use it
      1  RE: [RFC PATCH] lib: Introduce generic __cmpxchg_u64() and use it


linux-mtd/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH] Make JFFS2 endianness configurable
      1  [PATCH] Make JFFS2 endianness configurable
      1  [PATCH resend] arch/sh: mach-kfr2r09: fix struct mtd_oob_ops build
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] UBIFS updates for 4.20-rc1


linux-next/
=============
      2  Re: linux-next: build warning in Linus' tree tree
      1  linux-next: Tree for Nov 2
      1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Nov 2 (compiler-gcc.h)
      1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Nov 2


linux-nfs/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] SUNRPC: Use atomic(64)_t for seq_send(64)


linux-nvme/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] nvme: create 'paths' entries for hidden controllers
      1  Re: [PATCH] nvme: create 'paths' entries for hidden controllers
      1  Re: [PATCH 13/16] irq: add support for allocating (and affinitizing)
      1  Re: [PATCH 06/16] blk-mq: add 'type' attribute to the sysfs hctx


linux-pci/
=============
      1  Re: No interrupt was generated using MSI
      1  No interrupt was generated using MSI


linux-perf-users/
=============
      1  perf script doesn't dump a normal call trace
      1  Re: perf script doesn't dump a normal call trace
      1  Re: PEBS level 2/3 breaks dwarf unwinding! [WAS: Re: Broken dwarf
      1  PEBS level 2/3 breaks dwarf unwinding! [WAS: Re: Broken dwarf


linux-pm/
=============
      1  RE: [RFC/RFT][PATCH v2] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor for tickless systems


linux-riscv/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC 1/2] dt-bindings: topology: Add RISC-V cpu topology.
      2  Re: [RFC 0/2] RISC-V: A proposal to add vendor-specific code
      1  [RFC 2/2] RISC-V: Introduce cpu topology.
      1  [RFC 1/2] dt-bindings: topology: Add RISC-V cpu topology.
      1  [RFC 0/2] Add RISC-V cpu topology


linux-rt-users/
=============
      3  Re: TSC to Mono-raw Drift


linux-s390/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 3/7] vfio: ap: AP Queue Interrupt structures
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/7] vfio: ap: Add AP Queue Interruption Control


linux-scsi/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] scsi/aic94xx/aic94xx_hwi.c: Use dma_pool_zalloc


linux-security-module/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v3 4/5] tpm: retrieve digest size of unknown algorithms
      1  [PATCH] apparmor: fix boolreturn.cocci warnings
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 5/5] tpm: ensure that output of PCR read contains the


linux-sgx/
=============
      2  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups


linux-soc/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64: dts: sdm845: Add PSCI cpuidle low power states


linux-usb/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] usb: xhci: fix small typo
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/1] usb: xhci: do not create and register shared_hcd
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] usb: gadget: add functions to signal udc driver to


linux-xfs/
=============
      1  [GIT PULL] vfs: fix many problems in vfs clone/dedupe implementation


linuxppc-dev/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] raid6/ppc: Fix build for clang


ocfs2-devel/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH V3] ocfs2: fix dead lock caused by ocfs2_defrag_extent
      1  Re: [Ocfs2-devel] [PATCH V3] ocfs2: fix dead lock caused by


osuosl-devel/
=============
      1  [RFC PATCH v2] android: ion: How to properly clean caches for
      1  [PATCH v2] staging: fix some typo
      1  [PATCH 3/3] Added missing le16_to_cpu conversions
      1  [PATCH 2/3] staging: emxx_udc: Added missing __iomem modifier to handle p_regs
      1  [PATCH 1/3] staging: emxx_udc: Added static modifier to udc_controller
      1  Re: [PATCH] staging: rtl8188eu: fix small typo


platform-driver-x86/
=============
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V6 7/8] misc/pvpanic: convert to SPDX license
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V6 5/8] misc/pvpanic: add support to get
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V6 4/8] dt-bindings: misc/pvpanic: add
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V6 3/8] misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V6 1/8] pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as
      1  [PATCH v3 3/3] platform/x86: intel_pmc_core: Decode Snoop / Non Snoop LTR
      1  [PATCH v3 2/3] platform/x86: intel_pmc_core: Fix LTR IGNORE Max offset
      1  [PATCH v3 1/3] platform/x86: intel_pmc_core: Show Latency Tolerance info
      1  [PATCH V6 8/8]  misc/pvpanic: remove a redundant comma
      1  [PATCH V6 6/8]  misc/pvpanic: remove unnecessary header file
      1  [PATCH V6 2/8]  misc/pvpanic: simplify the code using acpi_dev_resource_io
      1  [PATCH V5 2/8]  misc/pvpanic: Remove one extra comma
      1  Re: [PATCH V6 5/8] misc/pvpanic: add support to get pvpanic device
      1  Re: [PATCH V6 3/8] misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support
      1  Re: [PATCH V6 1/8] pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as common driver
      1  Re: [PATCH V5 6/8] misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support


qemu-devel/
=============
      1  [Xen-devel] xen_disk qdevification (was: [PATCH 0/3] Performance
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/3] Avoid repeated memory allocation in xen_disk
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/3] Improve xen_disk batching behaviour
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 0/3] Performance improvements for xen_disk v2
      1  [SPAM] [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/3] Improve xen_disk response
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] xen_disk qdevification (was: [PATCH 0/3]
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/3] Avoid repeated memory allocation in
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/3] Improve xen_disk batching behaviour


v9fs-developer/
=============
      1  [SPAM] WARNING in kmem_cache_create_usercopy


virtualization/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/5] drm/virtio: add uapi for in and out explicit fences
      1  [PATCH 2/2] i8253: Fix PIT shutdown quirk on Hyper-V
      1  [PATCH 1/2] include/linux/hypervisor.h: Add test for running on
      1  [PATCH 0/2] i8253: Fix PIT shutdown quirk on Hyper-V


x86_Andy_Lutomirski/
=============
      1  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups
      1  RFC: userspace exception fixups


xen-devel/
=============
      4  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v2 00/17] Add support for qemu-xen
      4  Re: [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] README.hardware-acquisition [and 1
      3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v7] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
      3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v6] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
      2  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus bisection] complete
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v2 15/17] xenconsoled: add support for
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v2 13/17] xenconsoled: add support for
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v2 07/17] libxl: add save/restore
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v2 06/17] libxl: create vkb device only
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3] devicetree, xen: add xen,
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] libxl/arm: fix guest type conversion
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 14/16] x86: make entry point code build
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] Xen optimization
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 129322: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 129286: tolerable all pass -
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 129278: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [qemu-mainline baseline-only test] 75559: regressions -
      1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf baseline-only test] 75558: tolerable FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus test] 129258: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [libvirt test] 129249: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [freebsd-master test] 129318: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [XEN][ARM64] PVUSB device attach causing DomU hang
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v7] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v2 07/17] libxl: add
      1  [PATCH] xen/grant-table: Fix incorrect gnttab_dma_free_pages() pr_debug message
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v2 16/17] libxl: access QMP socket via
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v2 14/17] xenconsoled: deduplicate error
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v2 12/17] xenconsoled: make
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v2 11/17] xenconsoled: add support for
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8 6/8] docs: documentation about static
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 1/4] x86: use PDEP/PEXT for
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3] libxl/arm: fix guest type conversion
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3] iommu / p2m: add a page_order parameter
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 7/7] amd/pvh: enable ACPI C1E disable
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 11/16] x86: don't set sysenter_entry in
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 09/16] x86: don't setup PV hypercall
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/5] docs/qemu-deprivilege: Revise and
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] README.hardware-acquisition
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH 2/2] mfi-common: Enable livepatch
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] Does XEN ARM support RTC in domu?


