
ARM_SPREADTRUM_Baolin_Wang/
=============
   1  [PATCH v5 6/6] power: supply: Add Spreadtrum SC27XX fuel gauge unit driver
   1  [PATCH v5 5/6] dt-bindings: power: Add Spreadtrum SC27XX fuel gauge unit documentation
   1  [PATCH v5 4/6] power: supply: core: Add some helpers to use the battery OCV capacity table
   1  [PATCH v5 3/6] dt-bindings: power: Introduce properties to present the battery OCV capacity table
   1  [PATCH v5 2/6] power: supply: core: Add one field to present the battery internal resistance
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/6] dt-bindings: power: Introduce properties to


Alan_Douglas/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: phy: Document cadence Sierra PHY


Alan_Stern/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] USB: Wait for extra delay time after USB_PORT_FEAT_RESET


Alan_Tull/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 8/8] clk: fixed-rate: Convert into a module platform driver
   1  [PATCH] clk: fixed-rate: fix of_node_get-put imbalance
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: fixed-rate: fix of_node_get-put imbalance
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 01/18] of: overlay: add tests to validate kfrees from


Alex_Williamson/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH kernel 3/3] vfio_pci: Add NVIDIA GV100GL [Tesla V100


Andreas_Färber/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 lora-next 1/5] regmap: Add regmap_noinc_write API


Andrew_Morton/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] hugetlbfs: dirty pages as they are added to pagecache
   1  alpha: switch to NO_BOOTMEM
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v2] alpha: switch to NO_BOOTMEM
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/2] memory_hotplug: Free pages as higher order
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm, thp: consolidate THP gfp handling into
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] psi: pressure stall information for CPU, memory,


Ard_Biesheuvel/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 04/12] crypto: chacha - add XChaCha12 support
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 03/12] crypto: chacha20-generic - refactor to allow
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 02/12] crypto: chacha20-generic - add XChaCha20 support
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 01/12] crypto: chacha20-generic - add HChaCha20
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/4] arm64: implement live patching


Bart_Van_Assche/
=============
   3  Re: [driver-core PATCH v4 4/6] driver core: Probe devices
   1  Re: [driver-core PATCH v4 3/6] device core: Consolidate locking and
   1  Re: -Wswitch Clang warnings in drivers/scsi


Bartosz_Golaszewski/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v6 2/4] mm: move is_kernel_rodata() to asm-generic/sections.h


Benjamin_Herrenschmidt/
=============
   1  Re: [[PATCH] 8/9] DMA-UART-Driver-for-AST2500


Bjørn_Mork/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH net-next 2/4] net: 8021q: vlan_core: allow use list of vlans for real device


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
   6  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add support for Amlogic


Brendan_Higgins/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC v1 00/31] kunit: Introducing KUnit, the Linux kernel unit


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] pstore: Refactor compression initialization
   1  Re: [PATCH] drivers/vfio: Fix an 8-byte alignment issue


Catalin_Marinas/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 11/17] arm64: docs: document pointer authentication
   1  Re: [RFC 12/17] arm64: move ptrauth keys to thread_info
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 7/8] arm64: update
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 0/8] arm64: untag user pointers passed to the kernel
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 07/17] arm64: add basic pointer authentication support


Chao_Yu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] f2fs: fix to account IO correctly


Charles_Keepax/
=============
   1  [PATCH v3 5/5] pinctrl: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic Lochnagar
   1  [PATCH v3 4/5] regulator: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic Lochnagar
   1  [PATCH v3 3/5] clk: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic Lochnagar
   1  [PATCH v3 2/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic Lochnagar
   1  [PATCH v3 1/5] mfd: lochnagar: Add initial binding documentation
   1  [PATCH 2/2] i2c: Clear client->irq in i2c_device_remove
   1  [PATCH 1/2] i2c: Remove unnecessary call to irq_find_mapping


Christian_Koenig/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] drm/radeon: fix a missing-check bug


Christoph_Hellwig/
=============
   2  Re: move bus (PCI, PCMCIA, EISA, rapdio) config to drivers/ v2
   2  Re: [dm-devel] [PATCH] dm: add secdel target
   1  swiotlb: add support for non-coherent DMA
   1  Re: [PATCH kernel 3/3] vfio_pci: Add NVIDIA GV100GL [Tesla V100
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/8] eisa: consolidate EISA Kconfig entry in
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/8] PCI: consolidate PCI config entry in drivers/pci
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/10] swiotlb: refactor swiotlb_map_page
   1  Re: [PATCH 03/10] swiotlb: do not panic on mapping failures


Dan_Williams/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH] pstore/ram: Clarify resource reservation labels


Daniel_Borkmann/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH bpf-next] selftests/bpf: fix file resource leak
   1  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in sk_psock_link_pop


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
   1  [PATCH] sched/cpufreq: Add the SPDX tags
   1  [PATCH 1/2] Linux 4.19-rc8
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] Linux 4.19-rc8


Dave_Hansen/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 05/11] x86/fpu: set PKRU state for kernel threads
   1  [PATCH] x86/mm: kill stray kernel fault handling comment
   1  Re: [PATCH 04/11] x86/fpu: eager switch PKRU state


David_Howells/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 03/34] teach move_mount(2) to work with OPEN_TREE_CLONE [ver #12]
   2  Re: [PATCH v2 2/5] uapi: deprecate STATX_ALL
   1  Re: statx(2) API and documentation
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 6/5] statx: add STATX_RESULT_MASK flag
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/5] statx: don't clear STATX_ATIME on SB_RDONLY
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/5] statx: add STATX_ATTRIBUTES flag


David_S_Miller/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2] isdn: hfc_{pci,sx}: Avoid empty body if statements
   1  [GIT] Sparc
   1  [GIT] Networking
   1  Re: [PATCH] net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: [PATCH] atm: zatm: Fix empty body Clang warnings
   1  Re: [PATCH] atm: eni: Move semicolon to a new line after empty for
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] net-next/hinic: add checksum offload and TSO support
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next 0/6] net/ncsi: Allow enabling multiple


Dmitry_Osipenko/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] soc/tegra: pmc: Turn powergates_lock into spinlock


Dmitry_Torokhov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] Input: uinput - fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  Re: [PATCH] Input: pm8941-pwrkey - Add pms405 pwrkey support


Doug_Ledford/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] RDMA/hns: Use 64-bit arithmetic instead of 32-bit


Eugeniy_Paltsev/
=============
   1  [RFC] ARC: ARCv2: Introduce SmaRT support : lmbench results
   1  [RFC] ARC: ARCv2: Introduce SmaRT support
   1  [PATCH v3] ARC: prevent showing irrelevant exception info in signal message


Fabio_Estevam/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx6sx-sdb: Add flexcan support


Florian_Fainelli/
=============
   4  Re: [PATCH] net: ethernet: fec: Add missing SPEED_


Frank_Rowand/
=============
   2  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH v3 1/3] code-of-conduct: Fix the
   1  [PATCH v5 18/18] of: unittest: initialize args before calling of_*parse_*()
   1  [PATCH v5 17/18] of: unittest: find overlays[] entry by name instead of index
   1  [PATCH v5 16/18] of: unittest: allow base devicetree to have symbol metadata
   1  [PATCH v5 15/18] of: overlay: set node fields from properties when add new overlay node
   1  [PATCH v5 14/18] of: unittest: remove unused of_unittest_apply_overlay() argument
   1  [PATCH v5 13/18] of: overlay: check prevents multiple fragments touching same property
   1  [PATCH v5 12/18] of: overlay: check prevents multiple fragments add or delete same node
   1  [PATCH v5 11/18] of: overlay: test case of two fragments adding same node
   1  [PATCH v5 10/18] of: overlay: make all pr_debug() and pr_err() messages unique
   1  [PATCH v5 09/18] of: overlay: validate overlay properties #address-cells and #size-cells
   1  [PATCH v5 08/18] of: overlay: reorder fields in struct fragment
   1  [PATCH v5 07/18] of: dynamic: change type of of_{at,de}tach_node() to void
   1  [PATCH v5 06/18] of: overlay: do not duplicate properties from overlay for new nodes
   1  [PATCH v5 05/18] of: overlay: use prop add changeset entry for property in new nodes
   1  [PATCH v5 04/18] powerpc/pseries: add of_node_put() in dlpar_detach_node()
   1  [PATCH v5 03/18] of: overlay: add missing of_node_get() in __of_attach_node_sysfs
   1  [PATCH v5 02/18] of: overlay: add missing of_node_put() after add new node to changeset
   1  [PATCH v5 01/18] of: overlay: add tests to validate kfrees from overlay removal
   1  [PATCH v5 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 09/18] of: overlay: validate overlay properties
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 04/18] powerpc/pseries: add of_node_put() in
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 02/18] of: overlay: add missing of_node_put() after add
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 01/18] of: overlay: add tests to validate kfrees from
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] of: overlay: user space synchronization


Fugang_Duan/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH] net: ethernet: fec: Add missing SPEED_


Geert_Uytterhoeven/
=============
   2  Re: move bus (PCI, PCMCIA, EISA, rapdio) config to drivers/ v2
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] of: overlay: user space synchronization


Gerd_Hoffmann/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 6/6] drm/virtio: fix resource id handling
   1  [PATCH v2 5/6] drm/virtio: drop resource_id argument.
   1  [PATCH v2 4/6] drm/virtio: use virtio_gpu_object->hw_res_handle in virtio_gpu_resource_create_ioctl()
   1  [PATCH v2 3/6] drm/virtio: use virtio_gpu_object->hw_res_handle in virtio_gpu_mode_dumb_create()
   1  [PATCH v2 2/6] drm/virtio: use virtio_gpu_object->hw_res_handle in virtio_gpufb_create()
   1  [PATCH v2 1/6] drm/virtio: track created object state


Greentime_Hu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] nds32: Fix gcc 8.0 compiler option incompatible.
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] nds32: Unaligned access handler fix


Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
   1  Re: [git pull] drm fixes for 4.19 final
   1  Re: [GIT] Sparc
   1  Re: [GIT] Networking


Grygorii_Strashko/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: don't flush mcast


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] amdgpu/gmc : fix compile warning
   1  Re: [PATCH pstore-next v2 0/4] Refactor compression initialization
   1  Re: [PATCH 4.9 00/35] 4.9.135-stable review


Halil_Pasic/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] vfio: ccw: Merge BUSY and BOXED states


Hans_Verkuil/
=============
   1  [RFC] Stateless codecs: how to refer to reference frames
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v3] media: docs-rst: Document m2m stateless video


Helge_Deller/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/5] parisc: move __IGNORE* entries to non uapi header


Huacai_Chen/
=============
   1  [PATCH V2] cacheinfo: Keep the old value if of_property_read_u32 fails
   1  Re: [PATCH] cacheinfo: Keep the old value if of_property_read_u32fails


INTEL_MANAGEMENT_ENGINE_Tomas_Winkler/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_i2c_nuvoton: use correct command duration for


Icenowy_Zheng/
=============
   1  Re: [linux-sunxi] Re: [PATCH v4 07/10] dt-bindings: phy: add binding for Allwinner USB3 PHY
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] clk: sunxi-ng: enable so-said LDOs for A64 SoC's pll-mipi clock
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/9] arm64: allwinner: a64: enable ANX6345 bridge on Pinebook


Ingo_Molnar/
=============
   1  Re: [tip:x86/mm] x86/mm: Break out user address space handling
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/7] Introduce thermal pressure
   1  Re: [PATCH] softirq: modify comments about PF_MEMALLOC in


Jack_Wang/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi/mvsas/mv_sas.c: Use dma_pool_zalloc


Jaegeuk_Kim/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] f2fs: fix to account IO correctly
   1  Re: [PATCH v11] f2fs: guarantee journalled quota data by checkpoint


James_E_J_Bottomley/
=============
   1  Re: linux-next: build warning after merge of the scsi tree
   1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH v3 1/3] code-of-conduct: Fix the


James_Morris/
=============
   1  Re: [GIT PULL] loadpin updates for security-next


Jason_A_Donenfeld/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 00/12] crypto: Adiantum support


Jens_Axboe/
=============
   5  Re: bioset changes in 4.18 broke aha1542
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] ubd: remove use of blk_rq_map_sg


John_Garry/
=============
   1  [PATCH] arm64: defconfig: Enable some IPMI configs
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi/mvsas/mv_sas.c: Use dma_pool_zalloc


Jon_Hunter/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mfd: tps6586x: Handle interrupts on suspend
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 3/3] ASoC: soc-core: fix platform name vs. of_node


Josef_Bacik/
=============
   1  [PATCH 7/7] btrfs: drop mmap_sem in mkwrite for btrfs
   1  [PATCH 6/7] mm: allow ->page_mkwrite to do retries
   1  [PATCH 5/7] mm: add a flag to indicate we used a cached page
   1  [PATCH 4/7] mm: use the cached page for filemap_fault
   1  [PATCH 3/7] mm: drop the mmap_sem in all read fault cases
   1  [PATCH 2/7] mm: drop mmap_sem for page cache read IO submission
   1  [PATCH 1/7] mm: infrastructure for page fault page caching
   1  [PATCH 0/7][V3] drop the mmap_sem when doing IO in the fault path


Josh_Poimboeuf/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v12 06/12] livepatch: Simplify API by removing


Josh_Triplett/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/9] powerpc: PCI_MSI needs PCI


Juergen_Gross/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] idle/x86: remove the call to boot_init_stack_canary()
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] x86/hyperv: make HvNotifyLongSpinWait hypercall


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
   1  Re: [GIT PULL 00/26] KVM/arm updates for 4.20


Kees_Cook/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH] pstore/ram: Clarify resource reservation labels
   1  [PATCH pstore-next v2 4/4] pstore/ram: Clarify resource reservation labels
   1  [PATCH pstore-next v2 3/4] pstore: Refactor compression initialization
   1  [PATCH pstore-next v2 2/4] pstore: Allocate compression during late_initcall()
   1  [PATCH pstore-next v2 1/4] pstore: Centralize init/exit routines
   1  [PATCH pstore-next v2 0/4] Refactor compression initialization
   1  [GIT PULL] loadpin updates for security-next
   1  Re: [PATCH] seq_buf: Make seq_buf_puts() NULL terminate the buffer
   1  Re: [PATCH] pstore: Refactor compression initialization
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 07/17] arm64: add basic pointer authentication support
   1  Re: [PATCH pstore-next v2 0/4] Refactor compression initialization


Keith_Busch/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v4] PCI/AER: Enable error reporting for all ports


Konrad_Rzeszutek_Wilk/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 03/10] swiotlb: do not panic on mapping failures
   2  Re: [PATCH V2] xen-swiotlb: use actually allocated size on check
   2  Re: [PATCH 07/10] swiotlb: refactor swiotlb_map_page
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] xen/blkfront: avoid NULL blkfront_info dereference on
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/10] swiotlb: add support for non-coherent DMA
   1  Re: [PATCH 08/10] swiotlb: don't dip into swiotlb pool for coherent
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/10] swiotlb: use swiotlb_map_page in
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/10] swiotlb: merge swiotlb_unmap_page and unmap_single
   1  Re: [PATCH 04/10] swiotlb: remove the overflow buffer
   1  Re: [PATCH 02/10] swiotlb: mark is_swiotlb_buffer static
   1  Re: [PATCH 01/10] swiotlb: remove a pointless comment


Krzysztof_Kozlowski/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 4/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Add arch_timer
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/6] clocksource: exynos_mct: Refactor resources allocation


Lars-Peter_Clausen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] staging: iio: ad7606: Move out of staging


Lee_Jones/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/4] Add SOCFPGA System Manager


Lucas_Stach/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] media: mst3367: add support for mstar mst3367 HDMI


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/2] memory_hotplug: Free pages as higher order
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 1/5] mm/hugetlb: Enable PUD level huge page migration
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] mm: introduce page->dma_pinned_flags, _count
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm, thp: consolidate THP gfp handling into


Marc_Zyngier/
=============
   1  [PATCH 26/26] KVM: arm64: Safety check PSTATE when entering guest and handle IL
   1  [PATCH 25/26] arm/arm64: KVM: Enable 32 bits kvm vcpu events support
   1  [PATCH 24/26] arm/arm64: KVM: Rename function kvm_arch_dev_ioctl_check_extension()
   1  [PATCH 23/26] KVM: arm64: Fix caching of host MDCR_EL2 value
   1  [PATCH 22/26] KVM: arm/arm64: Ensure only THP is candidate for adjustment
   1  [PATCH 21/26] arm64: KVM: Remove some extra semicolon in kvm_target_cpu
   1  [PATCH 20/26] KVM: arm64: Drop __cpu_init_stage2 on the VHE path
   1  [PATCH 19/26] KVM: arm/arm64: Rename kvm_arm_config_vm to kvm_arm_setup_stage2
   1  [PATCH 18/26] kvm: arm64: Allow tuning the physical address size for VM
   1  [PATCH 17/26] kvm: arm64: Limit the minimum number of page table levels
   1  [PATCH 16/26] kvm: arm64: Set a limit on the IPA size
   1  [PATCH 15/26] kvm: arm64: Add 52bit support for PAR to HPFAR conversoin
   1  [PATCH 14/26] vgic: Add support for 52bit guest physical address
   1  [PATCH 13/26] kvm: arm64: Switch to per VM IPA limit
   1  [PATCH 12/26] kvm: arm64: Configure VTCR_EL2.SL0 per VM
   1  [PATCH 11/26] kvm: arm64: Dynamic configuration of VTTBR mask
   1  [PATCH 10/26] kvm: arm64: Make stage2 page table layout dynamic
   1  [PATCH 09/26] kvm: arm64: Prepare for dynamic stage2 page table layout
   1  [PATCH 08/26] kvm: arm/arm64: Prepare for VM specific stage2 translations
   1  [PATCH 07/26] kvm: arm64: Configure VTCR_EL2 per VM
   1  [PATCH 06/26] kvm: arm/arm64: Allow arch specific configurations for VM
   1  [PATCH 05/26] kvm: arm64: Clean up VTCR_EL2 initialisation
   1  [PATCH 04/26] arm64: Add a helper for PARange to physical shift conversion
   1  [PATCH 03/26] kvm: arm64: Add helper for loading the stage2 setting for a VM
   1  [PATCH 02/26] kvm: arm/arm64: Remove spurious WARN_ON
   1  [PATCH 01/26] kvm: arm/arm64: Fix stage2_flush_memslot for 4 level page table
   1  [GIT PULL 00/26] KVM/arm updates for 4.20
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 11/17] arm64: docs: document pointer authentication
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 09/10] irqchip: ti-sci-inta: Add support for Interrupt
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC 1/1] drivers: pinctrl: qcom: add wakeup capability to


Mark_Brown/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 4/8] regulator: stpmic1: add stpmic1 regulator driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 lora-next 1/5] regmap: Add regmap_noinc_write API
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/5] regulator: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus


Mark_Rutland/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 07/17] arm64: add basic pointer authentication support


Martin_K_Petersen/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] block: don't check position contiguity for DISCARD in attempt_merge


Masahiro_Yamada/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 7/8] eisa: consolidate EISA Kconfig entry in drivers/eisa
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS
   1  [PATCH v3 2/2] dt-bindings: uniphier: move cache-uniphier.txt to vendor directory
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] dt-bindings: uniphier: add bindings for UniPhier SoC family
   1  [PATCH v3 0/2] dt-bindings: uniphier: two trivial DT bindings patches
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/9] PCI: consolidate PCI config entry in drivers/pci
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/8] rapidio: consolidate RAPIDIO config entry in drivers/rapidio
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/8] PCI: consolidate PCI config entry in drivers/pci
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/9] arm: remove EISA kconfig option
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] objtool: move libelf check out of top Makefile
   1  Re: [Lkcamp] [PATCH 3/4] kbuild: Removes unnecessary shadowed local


Masami_Hiramatsu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/3] selftests: ftrace: Add synthetic event syntax


Mathieu_Poirier/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] coresight: tmc: Fix bad register address for CLAIM


Matthias_Brugger/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/6] mmc: mediatek: drop too much code of tuning method
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/6] mmc: mediatek: add MT8183 MMC driver support
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] mmc: mediatek: tune CMD/DATA together


Max_Filippov/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/8] PCI: consolidate PCI config entry in drivers/pci


Maxime_Ripard_/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] clk: sunxi-ng: enable so-said LDOs for A64 SoC's


Michael_Ellerman/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 2/2] seq_buf: Use size_t for len in seq_buf_puts()
   1  [PATCH v2 1/2] seq_buf: Make seq_buf_puts() null-terminate the buffer
   1  Re: [PATCH] seq_buf: Make seq_buf_puts() NULL terminate the buffer


Michael_Grzeschik/
=============
   1  [PATCH 2/2] media: hdcapm: add support for usb2hdcapm hdmi2usb framegrabber from startech
   1  [PATCH 1/2] media: mst3367: add support for mstar mst3367 HDMI RX
   1  [PATCH 0/2] media: Startech usb2hdcapm hdmi2usb framegrabber support


Michael_Schmitz/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] ata: add Buddha PATA controller driver


Mike_Kravetz/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] hugetlbfs: dirty pages as they are added to pagecache


Mike_Snitzer/
=============
   1  Re: dm: add secdel target


Miklos_Szeredi/
=============
   1  Re: statx(2) API and documentation


Miroslav_Benes/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3 3/4] arm64: implement live patching


Nadav_Amit/
=============
   6  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/5] x86: introduce preemption disable prefix


Naoya_Horiguchi/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 2/5] mm/hugetlb: Distinguish between migratability
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 0/5] arm64/mm: Enable HugeTLB migration


Oleg_Nesterov/
=============
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/5] x86: introduce preemption disable prefix


P0_linux-kernel/
=============
   5  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/5] x86: introduce preemption disable prefix
   5  Re: [RFC 00/60] Coscheduling for Linux
   1  netconsole on opensuse 42.3 with a 4.18.7 kernel hangs
   1  [PATCH] rcu: Benefit from expedited grace period in __wait_rcu_gp
   1  [PATCH] misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
   1  [PATCH] mcb: fix a missing-check bug
   1  [PATCH] intel_th: Fix a missing-check bug
   1  [PATCH v3 RESEND] regmap: Add regmap_noinc_write API
   1  [PATCH v2 7/7] tty: Fix section format
   1  [PATCH v2 6/7] tty: Remove newline after function kernel-doc
   1  [PATCH v2 5/7] tty: Fix spacing between kernel-doc sections
   1  [PATCH v2 4/7] tty: Fix kernel-doc variable typos
   1  [PATCH v2 3/7] tty: Partially fix kernel-docs layout
   1  [PATCH v2 2/7] tty: Remove trailing whitespace
   1  [PATCH v2 1/7] tty: Fix whitespace before tab warnings
   1  [PATCH v2 0/7] drivers: tty: Fix kernel-docs comments
   1  [PATCH v1 2/2] x86/hyperv: make HvNotifyLongSpinWait hypercall
   1  [PATCH v1 1/2] x86/hyperv: get spinlock retry number on Hyper-V
   1  [PATCH v1 0/2] Enable HvNotifyLongSpinWait for Hyper-V
   1  [PATCH 2/2] locking/lockdep: Make global debug_locks* variables read-mostly
   1  [PATCH 1/2] locking/lockdep: Fix debug_locks off performance problem
   1  [LKP] bd00db8b16 [ 48.718069] BUG: spinlock trylock failure on UP on
   1  Re: [Patch v3 07/13] x86/process Add arch_set_dumpable
   1  Re: [PATCH] softirq: modify comments about PF_MEMALLOC in __do_softirq
   1  Re: [PATCH] pstore/ram: Clarify resource reservation labels
   1  Re: [PATCH] genirq: Fix race on spurious interrupt detection
   1  Re: [PATCH] firmware: coreboot: Fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: [PATCH RFC 1/1] drivers: pinctrl: qcom: add wakeup capability to
   1  Re: [LKP] [mm/memory.c] 6558038e45: general_protection_fault:#[##]
   1  RE: [Ksummit-discuss] [PATCH v3 1/3] code-of-conduct: Fix the
   1  KASAN: use-after-free Read in kobject_put
   1  Bruce Perens-inconsistent statements regarding Copyright, GPL, Open
   1  Bruce Perens - inconsistent statements regarding Copyright, GPL, Open


P1_devicetree/
=============
   1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx6ul: ccimx6ulsom: Add support for wireless SOM variant
   1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx6sx-sdb: Add flexcan support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/4] nfc: pn532_uart: Add NXP PN532 to devicetree docs
   1  RE: [PATCH 3/3] reset: reset-zynqmp: Adding support for Xilinx zynqmp


P1_kvm/
=============
   6  Re: [PATCH 05/11] x86/fpu: set PKRU state for kernel threads
   3  Re: [PATCH] x86: Fix definition and use of DR6_RESERVED
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] KVM: x86: Only clear %dr6 if really neccessary
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the kvm tree with the tip tree
   1  [RESEND PATCH V6 1/5]  target/i386 : add coalesced pio support
   1  [PATCH] x86: Fix definition and use of DR6_RESERVED
   1  [PATCH] x86/kvm/nVMX: tweak shadow fields
   1  [PATCH] KVM/MMU: Always set cr4_pae when shadowing EPT pages
   1  [PATCH v2] KVM: x86: Only clear %dr6 if really neccessary
   1  [PATCH V7 3/5]  target-i386: add rtc 0x70 port as coalesced_pio
   1  Re: [PATCH 04/11] x86/fpu: eager switch PKRU state
   1  Re: Avoid unneccessary %dr6 accesses in nested VM setups
   1  RE: [PATCH v12 03/12] perf/x86/intel/pt: Introduce a new function
   1  RE: [PATCH v12 02/12] perf/x86/intel/pt: Change pt_cap_get() to a
   1  RE: [PATCH v12 01/12] perf/x86/intel/pt: Move Intel-PT MSRs bit


P1_linux-mm/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC v4 PATCH 2/5] mm/__free_one_page: skip merge for order-0
   1  [PATCH v3] ksm: Assist buddy allocator to assemble 1-order pages
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm/sparse: remove a check that compare if unsigned
   1  Re: [PATCH] memblock: remove stale #else and the code it protects
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 2/5] mm/hugetlb: Distinguish between migratability and


P1_netdev/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH] net: ethernet: fec: Add missing SPEED_
   3  Re: [PATCH v2] isdn: hfc_{pci,sx}: Avoid empty body if statements
   2  Re: netconsole warning in 4.19.0-rc7
   1  [PATCH] qed: fix spelling mistake "transcevier" -> "transceiver"
   1  [PATCH v3] isdn: hfc_{pci,sx}: Avoid empty body if statements
   1  [PATCH v3 net-next 2/2] dt-bindings: net: add support for Microchip KSZ9131
   1  [PATCH v3 net-next 1/2] net: phy: micrel: add Microchip KSZ9131 initial driver
   1  [PATCH v3 net-next 0/2] Add support for Microchip Technology KSZ9131 10/100/1000 Ethernet PHY
   1  [PATCH net-next] octeontx2-af: Remove set but not used variables 'devnum, is_pf'
   1  KASAN: use-after-free Read in sk_psock_link_pop
   1  BUG: unable to handle kernel NULL pointer dereference in __do_softirq


Paul_Burton/
=============
   1  Re: Question about mmap syscall and POSIX standard on mips arch


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH RFC] doc: rcu: remove obsolete (non-)requirement about


Paul_Mackerras/
=============
   1  [PATCH] KVM: PPC: Use exported tb_to_ns() function in decrementer
   1  [PATCH] KVM: PPC: Book3S HV: Don't use streamlined entry path on


Pavel_Machek/
=============
   1  Re: omap4: support for manually updated display
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/9] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Remove LM3697


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
   3  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/5] x86: introduce preemption disable prefix
   2  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle
   1  Re: [Patch v3 05/13] x86/smt: Create cpu_smt_enabled static key for
   1  Re: [Patch v3 00/13] Provide process property based options to
   1  Re: [PATCH] mm/kasan: make quarantine_lock a raw_spinlock_t


Philipp_Zabel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] reset: reset-zynqmp: Adding support for Xilinx


Pierre-Yves_MORDRET/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/7] dmaengine: stm32-dma: Add DMA/MDMA chaining


Rafael_J_Wysocki/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 0/3] cpufreq: intel_pstate: Base frequency attribute
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/1] ACPI / scan: Create platform device for INT33FE ACPI nodes


Richard_Weinberger/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] ubd: remove use of blk_rq_map_sg


Rob_Herring/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/2] dt-bindings: nand: meson: add Amlogic NAND
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/6] dt-bindings: power: Introduce properties to
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/8] dt-bindings: mfd: document stpmic1
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/4] dt-bindings: crypto: Mention clocks for mxs-dcp
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 09/18] of: overlay: validate overlay properties
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 04/18] powerpc/pseries: add of_node_put() in
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 02/18] of: overlay: add missing of_node_put() after
   1  Re: [PATCH v4 01/18] of: overlay: add tests to validate kfrees from
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] of: overlay: user space synchronization
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 net-next 2/2] dt-bindings: net: add support for
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/2] dt-bindings: hwmon: Add adm127x documentation
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/8] dt-bindings: input: touchscreen: sx8654: add
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/8] dt-bindings: input: touchscreen: sx8654: add
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/4] nfc: pn532_uart: Add NXP PN532 to devicetree docs
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/8] dt-bindings: input: touchscreen: sx8654: add
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 04/10] firmware: ti_sci: Add RM mapping table for am654
   1  Re: [PATCH V2 1/6] dt-bindings: Add Broadcom STB OHCI, EHCI and XHCI
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/4] dt-bindings: iommu/arm, smmu: add compatible string


STM32_AUDIO_ASoC_Olivier_Moysan/
=============
   1  [PATCH 1/1] ASoC: cs42l51: fix mclk support


Samuel_Mendoza-Jonas/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH net-next 0/6] net/ncsi: Allow enabling multiple packages


Shuah_Khan/
=============
   1  [PATCH] usbip:vudc: BUG kmalloc-2048 (Not tainted): Poison overwritten
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/3] selftests: ftrace: Add synthetic event syntax


Sinan_Kaya/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/3] x86/quirks: Add parameter to clear MSIs early on boot


Stefan_Agner/
=============
   1  [PATCH] PCI: dwc: Limit config space size for i.MX6


Stefan_Popa/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 3/3] dt-bindings: iio: adc: Add docs for ad7124
   1  [PATCH v2 2/3] iio: adc: Add ad7124 support
   1  [PATCH v2 1/3] iio: ad_sigma_delta: Allow to provide custom data register address


Stefan_Wahren/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/7] staging: bcm2835-audio: Cleanups and upgrades


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 8/8] clk: fixed-rate: Convert into a module platform driver
   1  Re: linux-next: build warning after merge of the clk tree
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: s2mps11: Add used attribute to s2mps11_dt_match
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: qcom: Remove unused arrays in SDM845 GCC
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: imx7d: remove UART1 clock setting
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: fixed-rate: fix of_node_get-put imbalance
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/3] clk: meson: add DT documentation for emmc clock controller
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/3] clk: meson: add emmc sub clock phase delay driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] clk: sunxi-ng: enable so-said LDOs for A64 SoC's pll-mipi


Stephen_Hemminger/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH V2 3/4] vmbus: add per-channel sysfs info


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v2 3/3] selftests: ftrace: Add synthetic event syntax
   3  Re: [PATCH RFC] doc: rcu: remove obsolete (non-)requirement about
   2  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] kernel hacking: new config NO_AUTO_INLINE to


Sudeep_Holla/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] cacheinfo: Keep the old value if


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mm, oom: task_will_free_mem() should ignore MMF_OOM_SKIP.
   1  [PATCH v2] mm, oom: OOM victims do not need to select next OOM victim unless __GFP_NOFAIL.
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no eligible
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] mm: memcontrol: Don't flood OOM messages with no


Thierry_Reding/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v5 0/9] extend PWM framework to support PWM modes


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH] genirq: Fix race on spurious interrupt detection
   1  Re: TSC to Mono-raw Drift


Todor_Tomov/
=============
   1  [PATCH] drm/msm/hdmi: Enable HPD after HDMI IRQ is set up


Tony_Lindgren/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/9] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Remove LM3697


Tony_Luck/
=============
   1  RE: [PATCH] pstore/ram: Clarify resource reservation labels


Vinod_Koul/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] Input: pm8941-pwrkey - Add pms405 pwrkey support


Will_Deacon/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v5 07/17] arm64: add basic pointer authentication support
   1  Re: [PATCHv3 0/6] atomics: generate atomic headers / instrument arm64
   1  Re: [PATCH 13/36] dt-bindings: arm: Convert PMU binding to


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 1/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS


acpi4asus-user/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] platform/x86: asus-wmi: Simplify the keyboard brightness


amd-gfx/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH] amdgpu/gmc : fix compile warning
   2  [PATCH] drm/radeon: fix a missing-check bug


ath10k/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH 3/4] ath10k: snoc: relax voltage requirements
   1  [PATCH][ath10k-next] ath10k: fix some spelling mistakes
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] ath10k: snoc: fix unabalanced regulator error handling


atmel_serial_Richard_Genoud/
=============
   1  CRC errors between mvneta and macb


bcm-kernel-feedback-list/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 0/3] Stingray thermal driver support


cgroups/
=============
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 0/8] lru_lock scalability and SMP list functions
   1  Re: [PATCH v14 03/12] cpuset: Simply allocation and freeing of


dm-devel/
=============
   2  Re: [dm-devel] [PATCH] dm: add secdel target
   1  Re: dm: add secdel target


dmaengine/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 4/4] dmaengine: xilinx_dma: Fix 64-bit simple CDMA
   1  RE: [PATCH v2 4/4] dmaengine: xilinx_dma: Fix 64-bit simple CDMA
   1  RE: [PATCH v2 3/4] dmaengine: xilinx_dma: Introduce helper macro for


dri-devel/
=============
   1  [git pull] drm fixes for 4.19 final
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] drm/exynos: decon: Make pixel
   1  Re: [Patch v4 5/8] drm/omap: Add global state as a private atomic
   1  Re: [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: Add entry for VKMS


embeddedor_com/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH V2 3/6] usb: xhci: xhci-plat: Add support for Broadcom
   1  [PATCH] scsi: hisi_sas: Fix NULL pointer dereference
   1  [PATCH v3 2/2] phy: ocelot-serdes: fix out-of-bounds read
   1  [PATCH v3 1/2] dt-bindings: phy: Update SERDES_MAX to be SERDES_MAX
   1  [PATCH v3 0/2] phy: ocelot-serdes: fix out-of-bounds read
   1  [PATCH v2] scsi: hisi_sas: Fix NULL pointer dereference
   1  Re: [PATCH] Input: uinput - fix Spectre v1 vulnerability
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] scsi: hisi_sas: Fix NULL pointer dereference


esc_storagedev/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] smartpqi: Fix timeout of smartpqi probe stage


iommu/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] iommu/arm-smmu: Workaround for Marvell Armada-AP806
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/10] swiotlb: refactor swiotlb_map_page
   1  Re: [PATCH 06/10] swiotlb: use swiotlb_map_page in
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/10] swiotlb: merge swiotlb_unmap_page and unmap_single


kbuild-all/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 1/2] sched/cpufreq: Reorganize the cpufreq
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] crypto: ccree: add SM3 support
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] sched/cpufreq: Reorganize the cpufreq files


kernel-janitors/
=============
   1  [PATCH] test_firmware: fix error return getting clobbered


kexec/
=============
   1  [PATCH 3/3] x86/quirks: Add parameter to clear MSIs early on boot
   1  [PATCH 2/3] x86/PCI: Export find_cap() to be used in early PCI code
   1  [PATCH 1/3] x86/quirks: Scan all busses for early PCI quirks
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] x86/quirks: Add parameter to clear MSIs early on boot
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] x86/quirks: Scan all busses for early PCI quirks


keyrings/
=============
   1  [PATCH] docs: Extend trusted keys documentation for TPM 2.0


kvm-arm/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 2/4] kernel hacking: new config NO_AUTO_INLINE to disable
   1  [PATCH v2 4/4] kernel hacking: new config CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_DEBUGGING to apply GCC -Og optimization
   1  [PATCH v2 3/4] ARM: mm: fix build error in fix_to_virt with CONFIG_CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_DEBUGGING
   1  [PATCH v2 2/4] kernel hacking: new config NO_AUTO_INLINE to disable compiler auto-inline optimizations
   1  [PATCH v2 1/4] x86/mm: surround level4_kernel_pgt with #ifdef CONFIG_X86_5LEVEL...#endif
   1  [PATCH v2 0/4] kernel hacking: GCC optimization for better debug experience (-Og)
   1  [PATCH kvmtool 2/2] kvm-cpu: Pause vCPU in signal handler
   1  [PATCH kvmtool 1/2] kvm: Do not pause already paused vcpus
   1  [PATCH kvmtool 0/2] Fix kvm__pause races
   1  [PATCH 4/4] kernel hacking: new config CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_DEBUGGING to apply GCC -Og optimization
   1  [PATCH 3/4] ARM: mm: fix build error in fix_to_virt with CONFIG_CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_DEBUGGING
   1  [PATCH 2/4] kernel hacking: new config NO_AUTO_INLINE to disable compiler auto-inline optimizations
   1  [PATCH 1/4] x86/mm: surround level4_kernel_pgt with #ifdef CONFIG_X86_5LEVEL...#endif
   1  [PATCH 0/4] kernel hacking: GCC optimization for better debug experience (-Og)
   1  Re: [[PATCH] 8/9] DMA-UART-Driver-for-AST2500
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 11/17] arm64: docs: document pointer authentication


kvm-ppc/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH kernel 3/3] vfio_pci: Add NVIDIA GV100GL [Tesla V100 SXM2]


linux-acpi/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mmc: sdhci-pci: Try "cd" for card-detect lookup before using NULL
   1  Re: [PATCH] mmc: sdhci-pci: Try "cd" for card-detect lookup before


linux-amlogic/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add support for Amlogic NAND
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/3] clk: meson: add DT documentation for emmc clock


linux-api/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/2] sysctl: handle overflow for file-max
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] printk: Introduce per-console loglevel setting


linux-arch/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v7 0/8] arm64: untag user pointers passed to the kernel
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 03/27] x86/fpu/xstate: Introduce XSAVES system states
   1  Re: [PATCH V9 18/21] dt-bindings: csky CPU Bindings


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
   1  [PATCH] coresight: tmc: Fix bad register address for CLAIM
   1  Re: [PATCH] coresight: tmc: Fix bad register address for CLAIM


linux-block/
=============
   1  [PATCH] block: don't check position contiguity for DISCARD in attempt_merge
   1  Re: [PATCH] block: don't check position contiguity for DISCARD in attempt_merge
   1  Re: [BUG] ext4/block null pointer crashes in linux-next


linux-btrfs/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/7] btrfs: drop mmap_sem in mkwrite for btrfs
   1  Re: [PATCH 6/7] mm: allow ->page_mkwrite to do retries
   1  Re: [PATCH 5/7] mm: add a flag to indicate we used a cached page
   1  Re: [PATCH 4/7] mm: use the cached page for filemap_fault
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/7] mm: drop the mmap_sem in all read fault cases
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/7] mm: drop mmap_sem for page cache read IO submission


linux-can/
=============
   1  [PATCH] can: flexcan: Implement CAN Runtime PM


linux-clk/
=============
   1  [PATCH] clk: s2mps11: Add used attribute to s2mps11_dt_match
   1  [PATCH] clk: qcom: Remove unused arrays in SDM845 GCC
   1  [PATCH V2] clk: imx7d: remove UART1 clock setting
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: s2mps11: Add used attribute to s2mps11_dt_match
   1  Re: [PATCH] clk: qcom: Remove unused arrays in SDM845 GCC
   1  Re: [PATCH v6] clk: qcom: Add lpass clock controller driver for
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 8/8] clk: fixed-rate: Convert into a module platform driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] clk: qcom : dispcc: Add support for display port
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] clk: qcom: rcg2: Add support for display port


linux-crypto/
=============
   2  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 3/3] crypto: ccree: add SM3 support
   1  [PATCH] crypto: cavium/nitrox - fix a DMA pool free failure
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] crypto: ccree: add SM3 support
   1  RE: [PATCH 3/3] crypto: ccree: add SM3 support


linux-doc/
=============
   5  Re: [PATCH RFC] doc: rcu: remove obsolete (non-)requirement about
   1  [PATCH v5 13/13] MAINTAINERS: Update the file and documentation names
   1  [PATCH v5 12/13] Documentation/x86: Rename and update
   1  [PATCH v5 11/13] arch/x86: Introduce QOS feature for AMD
   1  [PATCH v5 10/13] arch/x86: Add AMD feature bit X86_FEATURE_MBA in
   1  [PATCH v5 09/13] arch/x86: Introduce new config parameter AMD_QOS
   1  [PATCH v5 08/13] arch/x86: Bring cbm_validate function into the
   1  [PATCH v5 07/13] arch/x86: Initialize the resource functions that are
   1  [PATCH v5 06/13] arch/x86: Use new config parameter RESCTRL for
   1  [PATCH v5 05/13] arch/x86: Introduce a new config parameter RESCTRL
   1  [PATCH v5 04/13] arch/x86: Bring all the macros to resctrl.h
   1  [PATCH v5 03/13] arch/x86: Re-arrange RDT init code
   1  [PATCH v5 02/13] arch/x86: Rename the RDT functions and definitions
   1  [PATCH v5 01/13] arch/x86: Start renaming the rdt files to more
   1  [PATCH v5 00/13] arch/x86: AMD QoS support
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] docs/uio: fix a grammar nitpick


linux-f2fs-devel/
=============
   1  [LKP] [f2fs]  4d8253119c:  aim7.jobs-per-min -11.0% regression


linux-fpga/
=============
   1  [PATCH] register device only, if it supports CvP operation
   1  [Bug] altera_cvp registers a PCI device (Altera/Intel FPGA) without


linux-fsdevel/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH 2/3] uapi: get rid of STATX_ALL
   1  [PATCH v2 6/5] statx: add STATX_RESULT_MASK flag
   1  [PATCH v2 5/5] nfs: don't clear STATX_ATIME from result_mask
   1  [PATCH v2 4/5] statx: don't clear STATX_ATIME on SB_RDONLY
   1  [PATCH v2 3/5] statx: add STATX_ATTRIBUTES flag
   1  [PATCH v2 2/5] uapi: deprecate STATX_ALL
   1  [PATCH v2 1/5] orangefs: fix request_mask misuse
   1  [PATCH 7/7 linux-next] coda: ftoc validity check integration
   1  [PATCH 6/7 linux-next] coda: remove sb test in coda_fid_to_inode()
   1  [PATCH 5/7 linux-next] coda: remove sysctl object from module when unused
   1  [PATCH 4/7 linux-next] coda: add __init to init_coda_psdev()
   1  [PATCH 3/7 linux-next] coda: use SIZE() for stat
   1  [PATCH 2/7 linux-next] coda: destroy mutex in put_super()
   1  [PATCH 1/7 linux-next] coda: remove CODA_FREE
   1  [PATCH 0/7 linux-next] coda: fs clean-up
   1  Re: possible deadlock in __generic_file_fsync
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/5] nfs: don't clear STATX_ATIME from result_mask
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/5] orangefs: fix request_mask misuse
   1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] statx: add STATX_ATTRIBUTES flag
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] orangefs: fix request_mask misuse


linux-gpio/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] arm64: dts: mediatek: mt6797: Add pinctrl support


linux-hwmon/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/2] dt-bindings: hwmon: Add adm127x documentation


linux-iio/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] media: uvcvideo: Add boottime clock support
   1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/2] dt-bindings: iio: vadc: Update example to include
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] staging: iio: ad7606: Move out of staging
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] iio: adc: Add ad7124 support


linux-input/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] platform/x86: touchscreen_dmi: Add info for the Trekstor
   1  Re: [PATCH] Input: synaptics - avoid using uninitialized variable
   1  Fw: PROBLEM: Keyboard not responding after resuming from


linux-kbuild/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS
   1  RE: [PATCH 1/4] Adds -Wshadow=local on KBUILD_HOSTCFLAGS


linux-kselftest/
=============
   1  [PATCH] selftests/kvm: add missing executables to .gitignore
   1  [PATCH] selftests/bpf: add missing executables to .gitignore


linux-leds/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/9] dt-bindings: leds: Add bindings for lm3697 driver
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/9] dt-bindings: ti-lmu: Remove LM3697


linux-media/
=============
   3  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] media: add SECO cec driver
   1  [V3, 4/4] media: platform: dwc: Add MIPI CSI-2 controller driver
   1  [V3, 3/4] Documentation: dt-bindings: media: Document bindings for DW MIPI CSI-2 Host
   1  [V3, 2/4] media: platform: dwc: Add DW MIPI DPHY Rx platform
   1  [V3, 1/4] Documentation: dt-bindings: phy: Document the Synopsys MIPI DPHY Rx bindings
   1  [V3, 0/4] platform: dwc: Add of DesignWare MIPI CSI-2 Host
   1  [RFC PATCH v3] media: docs-rst: Document m2m stateless video decoder interface
   1  [PATCH] media: firewire: Fix app_info parameter type in avc_ca{,_app}_info
   1  [PATCH] media: dvb: fix a missing-check bug
   1  Re: i.MX6 MIPI-CSI2 OV5640 Camera testing on Mainline Linux


linux-mmc/
=============
   1  [PATCH] mmc: atmel-mci: do not assume idle after atmci_request_end
   1  [PATCH v1 1/1] mmc: dw_mmc-bluefield: simplify the probe() function


linux-mtd/
=============
   2  Re: [LINUX PATCH v11 3/3] mtd: rawnand: arasan: Add support for =
   2  RE: [LINUX PATCH v11 3/3] mtd: rawnand: arasan: Add support for
   1  [PATCH] jffs2: Fix use of uninitialized delayed_work, lockdep breakage


linux-next/
=============
   2  [PATCH] net/mlx5: fix up for has_flow_tag changing to a flag
   1  linux-next: manual merge of the net-next tree with the net tree
   1  linux-next: build warning after merge of the scsi tree
   1  linux-next: build failure after merge of the net-next tree
   1  linux-next: Tree for Oct 19
   1  linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commits in the net-next tree
   1  Re: linux-next: build warning after merge of the scsi tree
   1  Re: linux-next: build failure after merge of the net-next tree


linux-omap/
=============
   1  [PATCH net-next] net: ethernet: ti: cpsw: don't flush mcast entries while switch promisc mode
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH net-next 2/4] net: 8021q: vlan_core: allow use list


linux-pci/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v3] PCI/AER: Enable reporting for ports enumerated after
   1  [PATCH v4] PCI/AER: Enable error reporting for all ports
   1  Re: [PATCH] PCI: pcie: remove redundant 'default n' from Kconfig
   1  Re: [PATCH v4] PCI/AER: Enable error reporting for all ports


linux-perf-users/
=============
   1  [PATCH V2] perf arm64: Fix generate system call table failed with /tmp mounted with noexec
   1  Re: [PATCH V2] perf arm64: Fix generate system call table failed with
   1  Re: [PATCH V2] perf arm64: Fix generate system call table failed


linux-pm/
=============
   2  Re: [driver-core PATCH v4 4/6] driver core: Probe devices
   2  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/7] Introduce thermal pressure
   1  Re: turbostat-17.06.23 floating point exception
   1  Re: [PATCH] power: reset: at91-reset: enable I-cache for at91sam9260_reset


linux-pwm/
=============
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v5 1/9] pwm: extend PWM framework with PWM modes
   1  Re: [RESEND PATCH v5 0/9] extend PWM framework to support PWM modes


linux-raid/
=============
   2  [PATCH] md: fix memleak for mempool
   1  Re: [PATCH] md: fix memleak for mempool


linux-rtc/
=============
   1  [PATCH] rtc: s35390a: Make buf an unsigned char in s35390a_init


linux-s390/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v1 0/2] vfio: ccw: VFIO CCW cleanup part1
   1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/2] vfio: ccw: Merge BUSY and BOXED states
   1  Re: [BUG -next 20181008] list corruption with "mm/slub: remove


linux-scsi/
=============
   4  Re: bioset changes in 4.18 broke aha1542
   1  bioset changes in 4.18 broke aha1542
   1  [PATCH] scsi: 3w-{sas,9xxx}: Use unsigned char for cdb
   1  [PATCH] scsi/mvsas/mv_sas.c: Use dma_pool_zalloc
   1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: hisi_sas: Fix NULL pointer dereference
   1  Re: -Wswitch Clang warnings in drivers/scsi


linux-security-module/
=============
   1  [RFC v4 2/2] WhiteEgret: Add an example of user application.
   1  [RFC v4 1/2] WhiteEgret: Add WhiteEgret core functions.
   1  [RFC v4 0/2] WhiteEgret LSM module
   1  Re: [PATCH] tpm: tpm_i2c_nuvoton: use correct command duration for


linux-serial/
=============
   3  Re: Crash in msm serial on dragonboard with ftrace bootargs
   2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] tty: serial: add driver for the SiFive UART
   1  [PATCH 2/2] tty: serial: add driver for the SiFive UART
   1  [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: serial: add documentation for the SiFive UART driver


linux-soc/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2 5/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add USB PHY lane two
   1  [PATCH v2 4/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add UFS nodes for sdm845-mtp
   1  [PATCH v2 3/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: add UFS controller
   1  [PATCH v2 2/5] phy: qcom-qmp: Utilize fully-specified DT registers
   1  [PATCH v2 1/5] dt-bindings: phy-qcom-qmp: Fix register underspecification
   1  [PATCH v2 0/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add UFS DT nodes
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 5/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add USB PHY lane two
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: Add UFS nodes for sdm845-mtp
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/5] arm64: dts: qcom: sdm845: add UFS controller
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/5] phy: qcom-qmp: Utilize fully-specified DT registers
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/5] dt-bindings: phy-qcom-qmp: Fix register underspecification


linux-tip-commits/
=============
   1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/swiotlb: Enable swiotlb for > 4GiG RAM on
   1  [tip:x86/cache] x86/intel_rdt: Prevent pseudo-locking from using
   1  [tip:perf/core] kprobes, x86/ptrace.h: Make
   1  [tip:locking/core] locking/lockdep: Make global debug_locks*
   1  [tip:locking/core] locking/lockdep: Fix debug_locks off performance
   1  [tip:irq/core] softirq: Fix typo in __do_softirq() comments
   1  [tip:irq/core] genirq: Fix race on spurious interrupt detection


linux-usb/
=============
   1  [PATCH v2] USB: Wait for extra delay time after USB_PORT_FEAT_RESET for quirky hub
   1  Re: [PATCH] Add support of TI ICDI to USB simple serial device


linux-wireless/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] nfc: pn533: add UART phy driver


linuxppc-dev/
=============
   1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH] powerpc/uaccess: fix warning/error with
   1  [RFC PATCH] mm: add probe_user_read() and probe_user_address()
   1  [PATCH] powerpc/msi: Fix compile error on mpc83xx
   1  [PATCH] idle/x86: remove the call to boot_init_stack_canary() from
   1  [PATCH v6 20/20] powerpc/mm: reintroduce 16K pages with HW assistance
   1  [PATCH v6 19/20] powerpc/8xx: Remove PTE_ATOMIC_UPDATES
   1  [PATCH v6 18/20] powerpc/mm: Extend pte_fragment functionality to
   1  [PATCH v6 17/20] powerpc/book3s32: Remove CONFIG_BOOKE dependent code
   1  [PATCH v6 16/20] powerpc/mm: inline pte_alloc_one() and
   1  [PATCH v6 15/20] powerpc/mm: don't use pte_alloc_one_kernel() before
   1  [PATCH v6 14/20] powerpc/8xx: regroup TLB handler routines
   1  [PATCH v6 13/20] powerpc/8xx: don't use r12/SPRN_SPRG_SCRATCH2 in TLB
   1  [PATCH v6 12/20] powerpc/mm: Enable 512k hugepage support with HW
   1  [PATCH v6 11/20] powerpc/mm: Use hardware assistance in TLB handlers
   1  [PATCH v6 10/20] powerpc/8xx: Temporarily disable 16k pages and 512k
   1  [PATCH v6 09/20] powerpc/8xx: Move SW perf counters in first 32kb of
   1  [PATCH v6 08/20] powerpc/8xx: Use patch_site for perf counters setup
   1  [PATCH v6 07/20] powerpc/8xx: Use patch_site for memory setup
   1  [PATCH v6 06/20] powerpc/code-patching: add a helper to get the
   1  [PATCH v6 05/20] powerpc/mm: Move pgtable_t into platform headers
   1  [PATCH v6 04/20] powerpc/mm: move platform specific mmu-xxx.h in
   1  [PATCH v6 03/20] powerpc/mm: Avoid useless lock with single page
   1  [PATCH v6 02/20] powerpc/mm: Move pte_fragment_alloc() to a common
   1  [PATCH v6 01/20] Revert "powerpc/8xx: Use L1 entry APG to handle
   1  [PATCH v6 00/20] Implement use of HW assistance on TLB table walk on 8xx
   1  [PATCH v2] idle/x86: remove the call to boot_init_stack_canary() from
   1  Re: powerpc/traps: remove redundant in_interrupt panic in die()
   1  Re: powerpc/traps: fix machine check handlers to use pr_cont()
   1  Re: powerpc/io: remove old GCC version implementation
   1  Re: powerpc/book3e: redefine pte_mkprivileged() and pte_mkuser()
   1  Re: [PATCH] idle/x86: remove the call to boot_init_stack_canary()


live-patching/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/4] arm64: implement live patching


lwn/
=============
   2  Re: [PATCH v2] docs/uio: fix a grammar nitpick
   1  Re: [PATCH] kernel-doc: fix declaration type determination
   1  Re: [PATCH] docs: Fix typos in histogram.rst
   1  Re: [PATCH v2] docs: Introduce deprecated APIs list


osuosl-devel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio delay
   1  Re: [PATCH v3] staging: nrf24: add new driver for 2.4GHz radio
   1  Re: [PATCH 15/15] power: supply: olpc_battery: Add OLPC XO 1.75 support
   1  Re: [PATCH 14/15] power: supply: olpc_battery: Avoid using platform_info
   1  Re: [PATCH 13/15] power: supply: olpc_battery: Move priv data to a struct
   1  Re: [PATCH 12/15] power: supply: olpc_battery: Use DT to get battery version
   1  Re: [PATCH 11/15] x86, olpc: Use a correct version when making up a
   1  Re: [PATCH 09/15] Platform: OLPC: add a regulator for the DCON
   1  Re: [PATCH 08/15] Platform: OLPC: Move EC-specific functionality out
   1  Re: [PATCH 07/15] Platform: OLPC: Avoid a warning if the EC didn't
   1  Re: [PATCH 05/15] Platform: OLPC: Move OLPC config symbol out of x86 tree
   1  Re: [PATCH 04/15] Platform: OLPC: Remove an unused include
   1  Re: [PATCH 02/15] Revert "platform/olpc: Make ec explicitly non-modular"
   1  Re: [PATCH 0/15] Add support for OLPC XO 1.75 Embedded Controller


platform-driver-x86/
=============
   1  [PATCH] platform/x86: mlx-platform: Properly use
   1  Re: [PATCH] platform/x86: touchscreen_dmi: Add info for the Onda V80
   1  Re: [PATCH] platform/x86: mlx-platform: Properly use mlxplat_mlxcpld_msn201x_items
   1  Re: [PATCH V3] MAINTAINERS: intel_telemetry: Update maintainers info


sparclinux/
=============
   1  Re: [mm PATCH v4 1/6] mm: Use mm_zero_struct_page from SPARC on all


virtualization/
=============
   1  [PATCH] gpu/drm/virtio/virtgpu_vq.c: Use kmem_cache_zalloc
   1  Re: [PATCH 7/8] drm/virtio: move virtio_gpu_object_{attach, detach} calls.


x86_Andy_Lutomirski/
=============
   1  Re: in_compat_syscall() returns from kernel thread for X86_32.
   1  Re: [RFC PATCH 1/5] x86: introduce preemption disable prefix


xen-devel/
=============
   1  Re: [PATCH V2] xen-swiotlb: use actually allocated size on check


