
0_Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
      2  Re: KOBJ_BIND uevent
      1  Re: [PATCH] staging: vt6655: fix small typo
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] staging: fix some typo
      1  Re: [PATCH 4.18 093/150] rds: RDS (tcp) hangs on sendto() to


0_Ingo_Molnar/
=============
      1  Re: [tip:x86/urgent] x86/vsmp: Remove dependency on pv_irq_ops
      1  Re: [PATCH] x86/gart: Rewrite early_gart_iommu_check() comment


0_linux-kernel/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
      2  Re: [PATCH 1/2] perf: Add munmap callback
      1  multiplexing /dev/console to all console= entries
      1  [RESEND PATCH] sched/fair: fix a comment in task_numa_fault()
      1  [PATCH] x86/vsmp: Remove dependency on pv_irq_ops
      1  [PATCH] x86/cpu: Avoid endless loop to get the number of cache leaves
      1  [PATCH] tools/perf: Add Hygon Dhyana support
      1  [PATCH] kernel/resource.c: fix new kernel-doc warnings
      1  [PATCH v2 3/3] sched/fair: add lsub_positive and use it consistently
      1  [PATCH v2 2/3] sched/fair: util_est: mask UTIL_AVG_UNCHANGED usages
      1  [PATCH v2 1/3] sched/fair: util_est: fix cpu_util_wake for execl
      1  [PATCH v2 0/3] util_est regression fixup and cleanups
      1  [PATCH V2 2/2] clocksource: imx-gpt: add necessary kfree to avoid
      1  [PATCH V2 1/2] clocksource: imx-gpt: add support for ARM64
      1  [PATCH RFC v3 1/3] pstore: map pstore types to names
      1  The CONFIG_UNWINDER_ORC bug is back.
      1  Re: [RFC] doc: rcu: remove note on smp_mb during synchronize_rcu
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 1/1] pipe: busy wait for pipe
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 0/7] runtime format string checking
      1  Re: [PATCH] tsc: make calibration refinement more robust
      1  Re: [PATCH] perf: replace automatic const char[] variables by statics
      1  Re: [PATCH] perf top: Display the LBR stats in callchain entry
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/2] x86/hyperv: make HvNotifyLongSpinWait hypercall
      1  Re: [PATCH anybus v1 0/4] Support HMS Profinet Card over Anybus
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC] hist lookups
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC v2 1/3] pstore: map pstore types to names
      1  Re: [PATCH 8/8] pstore/ram: Correctly calculate usable PRZ bytes
      1  Re: [LKP] [Btrfs] 7cc93f268e:
      1  Re: KOBJ_BIND uevent
      1  Re: KASAN: use-after-free Read in delayed_uprobe_remove
      1  Re: INFO: rcu detected stall in do_idle
      1  KOBJ_BIND uevent
      1  Call Trace: <IRQ> ...event ... with 4.18.17
      1  4.19.0: BUG: KASAN: use-after-free in memcmp+0x24/0x70


1_kernel_test_robot/
=============
      1  [SPAM] kernel/sched/psi.c:639:13: warning: 'rq' may be used
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH] fix the kernel panic due to wrong use the
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH] USB: serial: io_ti: Replaced
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 11/11] [media] marvell-ccic: provide a
      1  [LKP] [xarray] 0e9446c35a:
      1  [LKP] [x86/entry/64] c631a16e5b:
      1  [LKP] [tools/bpf]  f6f3bac08f: stderr.failed_to_prepare_for_bpf
      1  [LKP] [selftests/bpf] 371e4fcc9d:
      1  [LKP] [sched/fair] bbc640be45: unixbench.score 10.0% improvement
      1  [LKP] [mm] 9bc8039e71: will-it-scale.per_thread_ops -64.1%
      1  [LKP] [mm]  9bc8039e71:  will-it-scale.per_thread_ops -64.1%
      1  [LKP] [lkp-robot] [mm] 25c79c10c8: fio.write_clat_95%_us +298.6%
      1  [LKP] [kvm] ac347c1bc8:
      1  [LKP] [kernel/sched] f880552d38: unixbench.score -3.9% regression
      1  [LKP] [ext4 resize] 1ee5ee5ec3: WARNING:at_fs/buffer.c:#__brelse
      1  [LKP] [cgroup] b519f5d3cb: BUG:kernel_hang_in_test_stage
      1  [LKP] [blk] 801d462c8d: INFO:rcu_sched_detected_stalls_on_CPUs/tasks
      1  [LKP] [HAX] ddc7f46e1c: drm:i915_gem_init_hw[i915]]
      1  [LKP] [Btrfs] 7cc93f268e:
      1  ERROR: "__node_distance" [drivers/nvme/host/nvme-core.ko] undefined!


ARM_SPREADTRUM_Baolin_Wang/
=============
      1  [PATCH v7 6/6] power: supply: Add Spreadtrum SC27XX fuel gauge unit driver
      1  [PATCH v7 5/6] dt-bindings: power: Add Spreadtrum SC27XX fuel gauge unit documentation
      1  [PATCH v7 4/6] power: supply: core: Add some helpers to use the battery OCV capacity table
      1  [PATCH v7 3/6] dt-bindings: power: Introduce properties to present the battery OCV capacity table
      1  [PATCH v7 2/6] power: supply: core: Add one field to present the battery internal resistance


Adrian_Hunter/
=============
      1  [PATCH 2/2] perf intel-pt: Add MTC and CYC timestamps to debug log
      1  [PATCH 1/2] perf intel-pt: Add more event information to debug log
      1  [PATCH 0/2] perf intel-pt: Add more information to debug log


Andrzej_Hajda/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v6 0/6] drm: add support for Cadence MHDP DPI/DP bridge.
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 4/6] drm: bridge: add support for Cadence MHDP DPI/DP


Andy_Shevchenko/
=============
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: skl: always select SND_SOC_HDAC_HDA
      1  Re: [PATCH] bloat-o-meter: ignore __addressable_ symbols
      1  Re: [PATCH] ACPI / PMIC: xpower: fix IOSF_MBI dependency
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] device property: Introduce fwnode_name()
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/4] device property: Add fwnode_name() helper


Ard_Biesheuvel/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH V3 0/3] Unmap EFI boot services code/data regions after boot.
      1  [PATCH] efi: Fix debugobjects warning on efi_rts_work
      1  Re: [PATCH] kbuild: deb-pkg: fix bindeb-pkg breakage when O= is used
      1  Re: [PATCH] efi: Fix debugobjects warning on efi_rts_work
      1  Re: [PATCH] efi/libstub: Disable some warnings for x86{,_64}
      1  Re: [PATCH] crypto: mark cts(cbc(aes)) as FIPS allowed
      1  Re: [PATCH] crypto: cts: document NIST standard status
      1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "kbuild: add --include-dir flag only for
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] crypto: streebog - add Streebog test vectors
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/3] crypto: streebog - register Streebog in hash info
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] crypto: streebog - add Streebog hash function
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] arm64/module: use mod->klp_info section header
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] efi/fdt: Simplify get_fdt flow
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] efi/fdt: Indentation fix


Arend_van_Spriel/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 0/5] Use common cordic algorithm for b43
      1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] b43: Drop internal cordic algorithm implementation
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] brcmfmac: Use common CORDIC_FLOAT macro from lib


Arnaud_Pouliquen/
=============
      1  Re: linux-4.20-rc1/sound/soc/stm/stm32_sai_sub.c:343: Faulty error
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: core: Invoke pcm_new() for all


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: skl: always select SND_SOC_HDAC_HDA
      1  Re: [RFC 0/2] RISC-V: A proposal to add vendor-specific code
      1  Re: [PATCH] x86: vsmp: avoid link error with gcc -Og
      1  Re: [PATCH] mm: fix uninitialized variable warnings
      1  Re: [PATCH] btrfs: avoid link error with CONFIG_NO_AUTO_INLINE
      1  Re: [PATCH] ACPI / PMIC: xpower: fix IOSF_MBI dependency
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/4] sparc: add system call table generation support


Balbir_Singh/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v11 00/26] Speculative page faults


Benjamin_Herrenschmidt/
=============
      1  Re: radeon vs radeonfb Mobility quirks (Thinkpad X32)


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] mtd: sa1100: avoid VLA in sa1100_setup_mtd
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 2/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add support for Amlogic
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 0/6] New QuadSPI driver for Atmel SAMA5D2
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] mtd: sa1100: avoid VLA in sa1100_setup_mtd


CHECKPATCH_GET_MAINTAINER_Joe_Perches/
=============
      1  [PATCH] checkpatch: Warn on const char foo[]  = "bar"; declarations
      1  Re: may I ignore "net/core/rtnetlink.c:3156:1: warning: the frame


CHROME_Olof_Johansson/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 5/6] arm64: zynqmp: Add DDRC node


Catalin_Marinas/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] mailmap: Update email for Punit Agrawal


Chen-Yu_Tsai/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 04/11] dt-bindings: iio: adc: add AXP803 ADC bindings


Chris_Mason/
=============
      1  Linux Foundation Technical Advisory Board Elections -- Call for


Christian_Borntraeger/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 0/1] vhost: add vhost_blk driver


Christoph_Hellwig/
=============
      1  move the arm arch_dma_alloc implementation to common code
      1  [PATCH 9/9] csky: use the generic remapping dma alloc implementation
      1  [PATCH 8/9] csky: don't use GFP_DMA in atomic_pool_init
      1  [PATCH 7/9] csky: don't select DMA_NONCOHERENT_OPS
      1  [PATCH 6/9] dma-remap: support DMA_ATTR_NO_KERNEL_MAPPING
      1  [PATCH 5/9] dma-mapping: support highmem in the generic remap allocator
      1  [PATCH 4/9] dma-mapping: move the arm64 ncoherent alloc/free support to common code
      1  [PATCH 3/9] dma-mapping: move the remap helpers to a separate file
      1  [PATCH 2/9] dma-direct: reject highmem pages from dma_alloc_from_contiguous
      1  [PATCH 1/9] dma-direct: provide page based alloc/free helpers
      1  Re: [RFC 0/2] RISC-V: A proposal to add vendor-specific code
      1  Re: [PATCH] iommu/dma: Zero pages manually in a length of scatterlist
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 6/8] vfio/mdev: Add iommu place holders in mdev_device
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 11/12] iommu/vt-d: Shared virtual address in scalable


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v2] clocksource/drivers/arc_timer: Utilize generic
      1  Re: [PATCH] sched: Create task_has_idle_policy() helper
      1  Re: [PATCH] clocksource: imx-gpt: remove unnecessary irq protection
      1  Re: [PATCH v7 4/5] clocksource: add driver for i.MX EPIT timer
      1  Re: [PATCH V2 2/2] clocksource: imx-gpt: add necessary kfree to avoid
      1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] thermal: zx2967_thermal: simplify getting
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/5] thermal: st: st_thermal: simplify getting
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/5] thermal: spear_thermal: simplify getting .driver_data
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] thermal: rockchip_thermal: simplify getting
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] thermal: int340x_thermal: int3400_thermal: simplify


David_S_Miller/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] net: skbuff.h: remove unnecessary unlikely()
      1  Re: [PATCH net v2] bonding/802.3ad: fix link_failure_count tracking
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC] hist lookups


Dominique_Martinet/
=============
      1  [PATCH] 9p/net: put a lower bound on msize


Frank_Rowand/
=============
      1  [PATCH v6 18/18] of: unittest: initialize args before calling of_*parse_*()
      1  [PATCH v6 17/18] of: unittest: find overlays[] entry by name instead of index
      1  [PATCH v6 16/18] of: unittest: allow base devicetree to have symbol metadata
      1  [PATCH v6 15/18] of: overlay: set node fields from properties when add new overlay node
      1  [PATCH v6 14/18] of: unittest: remove unused of_unittest_apply_overlay() argument
      1  [PATCH v6 13/18] of: overlay: check prevents multiple fragments touching same property
      1  [PATCH v6 12/18] of: overlay: check prevents multiple fragments add or delete same node
      1  [PATCH v6 11/18] of: overlay: test case of two fragments adding same node
      1  [PATCH v6 10/18] of: overlay: make all pr_debug() and pr_err() messages unique
      1  [PATCH v6 09/18] of: overlay: validate overlay properties #address-cells and #size-cells
      1  [PATCH v6 08/18] of: overlay: reorder fields in struct fragment
      1  [PATCH v6 07/18] of: dynamic: change type of of_{at,de}tach_node() to void
      1  [PATCH v6 06/18] of: overlay: do not duplicate properties from overlay for new nodes
      1  [PATCH v6 05/18] of: overlay: use prop add changeset entry for property in new nodes
      1  [PATCH v6 04/18] powerpc/pseries: add of_node_put() in dlpar_detach_node()
      1  [PATCH v6 03/18] of: overlay: add missing of_node_get() in __of_attach_node_sysfs
      1  [PATCH v6 02/18] of: overlay: add missing of_node_put() after add new node to changeset
      1  [PATCH v6 01/18] of: overlay: add tests to validate kfrees from overlay removal
      1  [PATCH v6 00/18] of: overlay: validation checks, subsequent fixes


Geert_Uytterhoeven/
=============
      1  [PATCH] ubifs: CONFIG_UBIFS_FS_AUTHENTICATION should depend on UBIFS_FS
      1  [PATCH] m68k/defconfig: Update defconfigs for v4.20-rc1


Gerd_Hoffmann/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] drm/virtio: add virtio_gpu_alloc_fence()


Gilad_Ben-Yossef/
=============
      1  [PATCH] crypto: cts: document NIST standard status
      1  Re: [PATCH] crypto: mark cts(cbc(aes)) as FIPS allowed


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
      1  [PATCH] s390: numa: Export __node_distance
      1  Re: [PATCH 19/28] perf beauty: Wire up the mmap flags table


Gustavo_Pimentel/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] PCI/dwc: Fix the 4GiB outbound window size truncated
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] PCI/dwc: fix potential memory leak


Hans_Verkuil/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] media: vivid: Improve timestamping


Harry_Wentland/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] drm/amd/amdgpu/dm: Fix dm_dp_create_fake_mst_encoder()


Heikki_Krogerus/
=============
      1  [PATCH 6/6] device property: Remove struct property_set
      1  [PATCH 5/6] device property: Move device_add_properties() to swnode.c
      1  [PATCH 4/6] drivers: base: Introducing software nodes to the firmware node framework
      1  [PATCH 4/4] device property: Drop get_named_child_node callback
      1  [PATCH 3/6] ACPI / glue: Add acpi_platform_notify() function
      1  [PATCH 3/4] of/property: Introduce of_fwnode_name()
      1  [PATCH 2/6] drivers core: Prepare support for multiple platform notifications
      1  [PATCH 2/4] ACPI: property: Introduce acpi_fwnode_name()
      1  [PATCH 1/6] driver core: platform: Remove duplicated device_remove_properties() call
      1  [PATCH 1/4] device property: Introduce fwnode_name()
      1  [PATCH 0/6] device property: Introducing software nodes
      1  [PATCH 0/4] device property: Add fwnode_name() helper
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] device property: Introduce fwnode_name()


Heiko_Carstens/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] s390: numa: Export __node_distance


Hyper-V-linux-driver-devel/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 1/2] memory_hotplug: Free pages as higher order


Icenowy_Zheng/
=============
      1  [PATCH] Revert "clk: sunxi-ng: sun50i: h6: Add 2x fixed post-divider to MMC module clocks"
      1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "clk: sunxi-ng: sun50i: h6: Add 2x fixed
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/2] drm/sun4i: tcon: prevent tcon->panel dereference


Ioana_Ciornei/
=============
      1  [PATCH 2/2] soc: fsl: dpio: use a cpumask to identify which cpus are
      1  [PATCH 1/2] soc: fsl: dpio: cleanup the cpu array on dpaa2_io_down
      1  [PATCH 0/2] soc: fsl: dpio: cleanup on the remove path


Jacopo_Mondi/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] [media] ov7670: make "xclk" clock optional


Jan_Kara/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] mm: fix uninitialized variable warnings
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/3] mm: introduce put_user_page*(), placeholder
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] mm: introduce page->dma_pinned_flags, _count


Jan_Kiszka/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] scripts/gdb: fix lx-version


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v15 05/23] x86/cpu/intel: Detect SGX support and update
      2  Re: [PATCH  v2] tpm: add support for partial reads
      1  [PATCH] x86/cpu/intel: clean up detect_sgx() flow
      1  [PATCH v3 16/16] tpm: remove @flags from tpm_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v3 15/16] tpm: take TPM chip power gating out of tpm_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v3 14/16] tpm: introduce tpm_chip_start() and tpm_chip_stop()
      1  [PATCH v3 12/16] tpm: use tpm_try_get_ops() in tpm-sysfs.c.
      1  [PATCH v3 11/16] tpm: remove @space from tpm_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v3 10/16] tpm: move TPM space code out of tpm_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v3 09/16] tpm: encapsulate tpm_dev_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v3 08/16] tpm: move tpm_validate_commmand() to tpm2-space.c
      1  [PATCH v3 07/16] tpm: access command header through struct in  tpm_try_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v3 05/16] tpm: print tpm2_commit_space() error inside tpm2_commit_space()
      1  [PATCH v3 04/16] tpm: call tpm2_flush_space() on error in tpm_try_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v3 03/16] tpm: return 0 from pcrs_show() when tpm1_pcr_read() fails
      1  [PATCH v3 02/16] tpm: fix invalid return value in pubek_show()
      1  [PATCH v3 01/16] tpm: use tpm_buf in tpm_transmit_cmd() as the IO parameter
      1  [PATCH v3 00/16] Remove nested TPM operations
      1  [PATCH 0/8] Detach TPM space code out of the tpm_transmit() flow
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/5] tpm: retrieve digest size of unknown algorithms
      1  Re: [PATCH v15 14/23] x86/cpu/intel: Clear SGX_LC capability if not
      1  Re: [PATCH v15 11/23] x86/sgx: Add definitions for SGX's CPUID leaf
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/8] Detach TPM space code out of the tpm_transmit() flow


Jason_Wang/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC] vhost/vsock: fix use-after-free in network stack callers
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] vhost: add per-vq worker thread
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/5] VSOCK: support mergeable rx buffer in vhost-vsock
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/1] vhost: parallel virtqueue handling
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/1] vhost: add vhost_blk driver


Jeff_Layton/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 04/12] gfs2: properly initial file_lock used for unlock.


Jens_Axboe/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/4] irq: fix support for allocating sets of IRQs
      1  Re: System not booting since dm changes? (was Linux 4.20-rc1)


Jerome_Brunet/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver


Joel_Stanley/
=============
      1  [PATCH 2/2] powerpc/boot: Set target when cross-compiling for clang
      1  [PATCH 1/2] Makefile: Export clang toolchain variables
      1  [PATCH 0/2] poewrpc/Boot: Fix cross compiling with clang


John_Garry/
=============
      1  [RFC PATCH] Documentation/ABI: Add sysfs-transport-sas
      1  [PATCH 2/2] crypto: hisilicon -  Fix reference after free of memories on error path
      1  [PATCH 1/2] crypto: hisilicon -  Fix NULL dereference for same dst and src
      1  [PATCH 0/2] crypto: hisilicon - A couple of fixes
      1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: defconfig: Enable some IPMI configs


Jon_Hunter/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] mfd: tps6586x: Handle interrupts on suspend
      1  Re: [PATCH 4.14 000/143] 4.14.79-stable review


Jonathan_Cameron/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 6/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Check channel type at
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 5/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Add IIO_CHAN_INFO_SCALE to
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Move device registration to
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Remove always overwritten
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Make probe handle spi_setup
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/6] staging:iio:ad2s90: Make read_raw return


KDUMP_Baoquan_He/
=============
      5  Re: [PATCH] mm, memory_hotplug: teach has_unmovable_pages about of
      1  [PATCH] mm, memory_hotplug: check zone_movable in has_unmovable_pages


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
      2  Re: [Qemu-devel] [QEMU PATCH v2 0/2]: KVM: i386: Add support for save
      1  Re: [kvm PATCH v6 2/2] kvm: x86: Dynamically allocate guest_fpu


Kalle_Valo/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH 0/5] Use common cordic algorithm for b43
      1  Re: [RFC][PATCH] wlcore: Fixup "Add support for optional wakeirq"
      1  Re: [PATCH][ath10k-next] ath10k: fix some spelling mistakes
      1  Re: [PATCH] ath9k: remove set but not used variable 'new_flags'
      1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] b43: Drop internal cordic algorithm implementation
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/5] brcmfmac: Drop unused cordic defines and macros
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] brcmfmac: Use common CORDIC_FLOAT macro from lib
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] ath10k: snoc: remove 'wcn3990' from generic resource
      1  Re: [PATCH 02/20] ath9k: ar5008_phy: mark expected switch fall-through
      1  Re: [PATCH 01/20] ath6kl: Mark expected switch fall-through


Kishon_Vijay_Abraham_I/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC 2/3] mmc: sdhci-omap: Add using external dma
      1  RE: [PATCH 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.


Laurent_Pinchart/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 0/6] drm: add support for Cadence MHDP DPI/DP bridge.


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
      2  Re: [GIT PULL] UBIFS updates for 4.20-rc1
      1  Re: [GIT pull] timer updates for 4.20-rc1
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] Please pull NFS client bugfix for 4.20
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] NTB patches for v4.20
      1  Linux 4.20-rc1


Lubomir_Rintel/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] [media] ov7670: make "xclk" clock optional
      1  [PATCH 11/11] [media] marvell-ccic: provide a clock for the sensor
      1  [PATCH 10/11] [media] marvell-ccic: use async notifier to get the sensor
      1  [PATCH 09/11] [media] marvell-ccic/mmp: add devicetree support
      1  [PATCH 08/11] [media] marvell-ccic/mmp: enable clock before accessing registers
      1  [PATCH 07/11] [media] marvell-ccic: drop unused stuff
      1  [PATCH 06/11] [media] marvell-ccic: drop ctlr_reset()
      1  [PATCH 05/11] [media] marvell-ccic: don't generate EOF on parallel bus
      1  [PATCH 04/11] [media] marvell-ccic: fix DMA s/g desc number calculation
      1  [PATCH 03/11] media: dt-bindings: marvell,mmp2-ccic: Add Marvell MMP2 camera
      1  [PATCH 02/11] media: ov7670: control clock along with power
      1  [PATCH 01/11] media: ov7670: hook s_power onto v4l2 core
      1  [PATCH 0/11] media: make Marvell camera work on DT-based OLPC XO-1.75


Ludovic_Desroches/
=============
      1  Re: sama5d: using the ebi interface from another driver


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH] mm, memory_hotplug: teach has_unmovable_pages about of
      2  Re: [PATCH v4] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
      1  [PATCH] mm, memory_hotplug: check zone_movable in has_unmovable_pages
      1  Re: [PATCH] mm: mmap: remove unnecessary unlikely()
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] mm: use kvzalloc for swap_info_struct allocation
      1  Re: Will the recent memory leak fixes be backported to longterm


Maciej_W_Rozycki/
=============
      1  [PATCH] rtc: hctosys: Add missing range error reporting


Marc_Kleine-Budde/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 1/6] phy: Add max_bitrate attribute &


Marc_Zyngier/
=============
      1  [PATCH 4/4] arm64: KVM: Implement workaround for Cortex-A76 erratum 1165522
      1  [PATCH 3/4] arm64: KVM: Install stage-2 translation before enabling traps on VHE
      1  [PATCH 2/4] KVM: arm64: Allow implementations to be confined to using VHE
      1  [PATCH 1/4] KVM: arm64: Rework detection of SVE, !VHE systems
      1  [PATCH 0/4] Workaround for Cortex-A76 erratum 1165522
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 09/10] irqchip: ti-sci-inta: Add support for Interrupt


Mark_Brown/
=============
      1  [PATCH] spi: uniphier: re-add addressing properties
      1  [PATCH] spi: spi-zynqmp-gqspi: simplify getting .driver_data
      1  [PATCH] spi: spi-sh-msiof: simplify getting .driver_data
      1  [PATCH] spi: spi-rspi: simplify getting .driver_data
      1  [PATCH] spi: spi-geni-qcom: fix nitpicks
      1  [PATCH] spi: spi-geni-qcom: Simplify probe function
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: use irq rather than polling
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: use designated init for dma config
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: use atomic_t state
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: support lsb-first mode
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: support 4bit words
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: simplify use_dma logic
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: set min/max speed
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: remove master pointer from dev data
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: read transfer info directly
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: precompute rx sample delay
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: make spi_enable_chip take bool
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: don't store dma channels twice
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: disable spi on error
      1  [PATCH] spi: rockchip: always use SPI mode
      1  [PATCH] spi: mediatek: add spi support for mt8183 IC
      1  [PATCH] spi: mediatek: Add bindings for mediatek MT8183 soc platform
      1  [PATCH] spi: Add MXIC controller driver
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: wm97xx: fix uninitialized regmap pointer problem
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: wm8996: fix small typo
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: stm32: sai: fix less than zero comparison on unsigned
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: smd845: constify snd_soc_ops structure
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: qdsp6: q6afe: Fix wrong MI2S SD line mask
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: qdsp6: q6afe-dai: constify snd_soc_dai_ops structures
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: codecs: constify snd_soc_dai_ops structures
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: Intel: mrfld: fix uninitialized variable access
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: AMD: constify regulator_desc structure
      1  Re: [PATCH] ASoC: wm8996: fix small typo
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] ASoC: AMD: Fix race condition between register access
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ASoC: pcm3060: Add control for differential output
      1  Applied "spi: uniphier: re-add addressing properties" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: spi-zynqmp-gqspi: simplify getting .driver_data" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: spi-sh-msiof: simplify getting .driver_data" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: spi-rspi: simplify getting .driver_data" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: spi-geni-qcom: fix nitpicks" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: spi-geni-qcom: Simplify probe function" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: use irq rather than polling" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: use designated init for dma config" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: use atomic_t state" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: support lsb-first mode" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: support 4bit words" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: simplify use_dma logic" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: set min/max speed" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: remove master pointer from dev data" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: read transfer info directly" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: precompute rx sample delay" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: make spi_enable_chip take bool" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: don't store dma channels twice" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: disable spi on error" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: rockchip: always use SPI mode" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: mediatek: add spi support for mt8183 IC" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: mediatek: Add bindings for mediatek MT8183 soc platform" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "spi: Add MXIC controller driver" to the spi tree
      1  Applied "ASoC: wm97xx: fix uninitialized regmap pointer problem" to the asoc tree
      1  Applied "ASoC: stm32: sai: fix less than zero comparison on unsigned int" to the asoc tree
      1  Applied "ASoC: smd845: constify snd_soc_ops structure" to the asoc tree
      1  Applied "ASoC: qdsp6: q6afe: Fix wrong MI2S SD line mask" to the asoc tree
      1  Applied "ASoC: qdsp6: q6afe-dai: constify snd_soc_dai_ops structures" to the asoc tree
      1  Applied "ASoC: codecs: constify snd_soc_dai_ops structures" to the asoc tree
      1  Applied "ASoC: Intel: mrfld: fix uninitialized variable access" to the asoc tree
      1  Applied "ASoC: AMD: constify regulator_desc structure" to the asoc tree


Martin_Schwidefsky/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] s390: numa: Export __node_distance


Masahiro_Yamada/
=============
      1  [PATCH] kbuild: rpm-pkg: fix binrpm-pkg breakage when O= is used
      1  [PATCH] kbuild: deb-pkg: fix bindeb-pkg breakage when O= is used
      1  [PATCH] kbuild: consolidate Clang compiler flags
      1  [PATCH v2] kconfig: merge_config: avoid false positive matches from comment lines
      1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 31 (vboxguest)
      1  Re: [PATCH] scripts/kconfig/merge_config: don't redefine 'y' to 'm'
      1  Re: [PATCH] kbuild: rpm-pkg: fix two build breaks when O= is used
      1  Re: [PATCH] kbuild: consolidate Clang compiler flags
      1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "kbuild: add --include-dir flag only for
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] Makefile: Export clang toolchain variables


Masami_Hiramatsu/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2 12/12] selftests/ftrace: Add testcases for dynamic event
      1  [PATCH v2 11/12] tracing: Add generic event-name based remove event method
      1  [PATCH v2 10/12] tracing: Remove orphaned trace_add/remove_event_call functions
      1  [PATCH v2 09/12] tracing: Remove unneeded synth_event_mutex
      1  [PATCH v2 08/12] tracing: Use dyn_event framework for synthetic events
      1  [PATCH v2 07/12] tracing/uprobes: Use dyn_event framework for uprobe events
      1  [PATCH v2 06/12] tracing/kprobes: Use dyn_event framework for kprobe events
      1  [PATCH v2 05/12] tracing: Add unified dynamic event framework
      1  [PATCH v2 04/12] tracing: Integrate similar probe argument parsers
      1  [PATCH v2 03/12] tracing: Simplify creation and deletion of synthetic event
      1  [PATCH v2 02/12] tracing: Lock event_mutex before synth_event_mutex
      1  [PATCH v2 01/12] tracing/uprobes: Add busy check when cleanup all uprobes
      1  [PATCH v2 00/12] tracing: Unifying dynamic event interface


Maxime_Ripard_/
=============
      1  Re: [linux-sunxi] Re: [PATCH v2 02/15] clk: sunxi-ng: Add check for
      1  Re: [PATCHv2] ARM: dts: sun8i-h3: Add dts for the Mapleboard MP130
      1  Re: [PATCH][staging-next] drivers: staging: cedrus: find ctx before
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] ARM: dtsi: sun8i-r40: add mali node
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 16/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add support for
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 14/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Increase hfp packet
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 12/25] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Add DSI hblk packet
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 00/28] Allwinner H6 DE3 and HDMI support
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/3] arm64: allwinner: h6: Add OrangePi Lite2 initial
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/7] drm/sun4i: tcon: Pass encoder instead of using
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/3] Allwinner H6 Ethernet support
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/7] clk: sunxi-ng: sun50i: h6: Fix MMC clock mux width
      1  Re: [PATCH 07/10] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Enable burst mode HBP,
      1  Re: [PATCH 05/10] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Enable burst mode
      1  Re: [PATCH 04/10] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Setup burst mode
      1  Re: [PATCH 03/10] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Setup burst mode timings
      1  Re: [PATCH 02/10] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Support instruction
      1  Re: [PATCH 01/10] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Compute burst mode loop


Michael_Ellerman/
=============
      1  System not booting since dm changes? (was Linux 4.20-rc1)


Michael_Kerrisk/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH -next v2 0/3] sysvipc: introduce STAT_ANY commands


Michal_Simek/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v10 5/6] arm64: zynqmp: Add DDRC node
      2  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] microblaze: generate uapi header and system call
      2  Re: [PATCH v3 0/3] microblaze: system call table generation support


Mike_Snitzer/
=============
      1  Re: System not booting since dm changes? (was Linux 4.20-rc1)


Miklos_Szeredi/
=============
      2  Re: INFO: task hung in fuse_sb_destroy


Miquel_Raynal/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] mtd: nand: drop kernel-doc notation for a deleted
      1  Re: [LINUX PATCH v12] mtd: rawnand: pl353: Add basic driver for arm


Neil_Armstrong/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] drm/meson: Use optional canvas provider
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] drm/meson: Allow using optional canvas provider


P1_devicetree/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH] ARM: dts: i.MX25: add the clocks for the EPIT blocks
      2  [PATCH v2] ARM: dts: imx6ul: ccimx6ulsom: Add support for wireless SOM variant
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: imx-audmux: complete dt-bindings for imx6
      1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx6ul: ccimx6ulsom: Fix indentation on iomuxc nodes
      1  [PATCH v2 3/3] arm64: allwinner: h6: Add OrangePi Lite2 initial support
      1  [PATCH v2 2/3] arm64: allwinner: h6: Add common orangepi nodes into dtsi
      1  [PATCH v2 1/3] clk: sunxi-ng: sun50i: h6: Fix MMC clock mux width
      1  Re: [PATCH v7 4/5] clocksource: add driver for i.MX EPIT timer
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 09/10] irqchip: ti-sci-inta: Add support for Interrupt


P1_kvm/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 0/1] vhost: add vhost_blk driver
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V6 8/8] KVM: Log ROE violations in system log
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V6 7/8] KVM: X86: Port ROE_MPROTECT_CHUNK to
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V6 1/8] KVM: State whether memory should be
      1  [PATCH v4 8/8] vfio/type1: Handle different mdev isolation type
      1  [PATCH v4 7/8] vfio/type1: Add domain at(de)taching group helpers
      1  [PATCH v4 6/8] vfio/mdev: Add iommu place holders in mdev_device
      1  [PATCH v4 5/8] iommu/vt-d: Return ID associated with an auxiliary domain
      1  [PATCH v4 4/8] iommu/vt-d: Attach/detach domains in auxiliary mode
      1  [PATCH v4 3/8] iommu/vt-d: Enable/disable multiple domains per device
      1  [PATCH v4 2/8] iommu/vt-d: Add multiple domains per device query
      1  [PATCH v4 1/8] iommu: Add APIs for multiple domains per device
      1  [PATCH v4 0/8] vfio/mdev: IOMMU aware mediated device
      1  [PATCH V6 6/8] KVM: Add support for byte granular memory ROE
      1  [PATCH V6 5/8] KVM: X86: Enable ROE for x86
      1  [PATCH V6 4/8] KVM: Create architecture independent ROE skeleton
      1  [PATCH V6 3/8] KVM: Document Memory ROE
      1  [PATCH V6 2/8] KVM: X86: Add arbitrary data pointer in kvm memslot iterator functions
      1  [PATCH V6 0/8] KVM: X86: Introducing ROE Protection Kernel Hardening
      1  [PATCH 5/5] VSOCK: batch sending rx buffer to increase bandwidth
      1  [PATCH 4/5] VSOCK: modify default rx buf size to improve performance
      1  [PATCH 3/5] VSOCK: support receive mergeable rx buffer in guest
      1  [PATCH 2/5] VSOCK: support fill data to mergeable rx buffer in host
      1  [PATCH 2/2] KVM: fix some typo and one code style
      1  [PATCH 1/5] VSOCK: support fill mergeable rx buffer in guest
      1  [PATCH 1/2] KVM: use same boundary check for async_pf
      1  [PATCH 0/5] VSOCK: support mergeable rx buffer in vhost-vsock
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/8] perf/x86: add support to mask counters from host
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] vhost: add per-vq worker thread
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/1] vhost: parallel virtqueue handling
      1  RE: [Resend PATCH v13 08/12] KVM: x86: Add Intel PT context switch
      1  RE: [PATCH v1 1/8] perf/x86: add support to mask counters from host


P1_linux-mm/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm: use kvzalloc for swap_info_struct allocation
      3  Re: [PATCH] mm: Create the new vm_fault_t type
      3  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm: avoid unnecessary swap_info_struct allocation
      1  [PATCH] z3fold: fix possible reclaim races
      1  [PATCH v2] mm: use kvzalloc for swap_info_struct allocation
      1  [PATCH v2 1/1] memory_hotplug: fix the panic when memory end is not on the section boundary
      1  [PATCH v2 0/1] memory_hotplug: fix the panic when memory end is not
      1  [PATCH 2/2] mm: avoid unnecessary swap_info_struct allocation
      1  [PATCH 1/2] mm: use kvzalloc for swap_info_struct allocation
      1  Re: [PATCH] mm, slab: remove unnecessary unlikely()
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] mm: use kvzalloc for swap_info_struct allocation
      1  Re: [PATCH 2] mm/kvmalloc: do not call kmalloc for size >
      1  Re: Creating compressed backing_store as swapfile
      1  Creating compressed backing_store as swapfile


P1_netdev/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm/page_alloc: free order-0 pages through PCP in
      1  may I ignore "net/core/rtnetlink.c:3156:1: warning: the frame size of
      1  [PATCH] staging: net: ipv4: tcp_westwood: fixed warnings and checks
      1  [PATCH 2/2] mm/page_alloc: use a single function to free page
      1  [PATCH 1/2] mm/page_alloc: free order-0 pages through PCP in page_frag_free()
      1  Re: [PATCH] net: skbuff.h: remove unnecessary unlikely()
      1  Re: [PATCH] bonding:avoid repeated display of same link status change
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] net: axienet: recheck condition after timeout in
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm/page_alloc: free order-0 pages through PCP in page_frag_free()


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] perf top: Display the LBR stats in callchain entry


Paul_Durrant/
=============
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 6/9] viridian: separate time related
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 9/9] viridian: introduce struct
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 7/9] viridian: define type for the
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 5/9] viridian: separate interrupt related


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
      1  [PATCH RCU -stable] Make need_resched() respond to urgent RCU-QS
      1  Re: [RFC] doc: rcu: remove note on smp_mb during synchronize_rcu


Pavel_Machek/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] ACPI / battery: Fix reporting "Not charging" when
      1  Re: [PATCH 14/14] DT: marvell,mmp2: add USB OTG host controller
      1  Re: [PATCH 13/14] DT: marvell,mmp2: add OTG PHY
      1  Re: [PATCH 10/14] USB: gadget: mv-udc: use phy-pxa-usb
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: himax,hx8837: add HiMax HX8837 bindings
      1  Re: [PATCH 09/14] USB: phy-mv-usb: use phy-pxa-usb
      1  Re: [PATCH 08/11] [media] marvell-ccic/mmp: enable clock before
      1  Re: [PATCH 07/11] [media] marvell-ccic: drop unused stuff
      1  Re: [PATCH 06/14] ARM: aspenite: add an instance of pxa-usb-phy
      1  Re: [PATCH 06/11] [media] marvell-ccic: drop ctlr_reset()
      1  Re: [PATCH 05/14] ARM: ttc_dkb: add an instance of pxa-usb-phy
      1  Re: [PATCH 02/14] dt-bindings: phy-pxa-usb: add bindings


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/jump_label: Use text_poke_early() during
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH] lib: Introduce generic __cmpxchg_u64() and use it
      2  Re: [PATCH v3 6/7] x86/alternatives: use temporary mm for text poking
      2  Re: [PATCH v1 1/8] perf/x86: add support to mask counters from host


Pierre-Louis_Bossart/
=============
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: skl: always select SND_SOC_HDAC_HDA


Rafael_J_Wysocki/
=============
      1  [RFC/RFT][PATCH v3] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor for tickless systems


Richard_Leitner/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/7] Input: sx8654 - reset-gpio, sx865[056] support,


Richard_Weinberger/
=============
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] UBIFS updates for 4.20-rc1


Ryder_Lee/
=============
      1  [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: pinctrl: update bindings for MT7629 SoC
      1  [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: arm: mediatek: document clk bindings for MT7629
      1  [PATCH 1/2] pinctrl: mediatek: add pinctrl support for MT7629 SoC
      1  [PATCH 1/2] clk: mediatek: add clock support for MT7629 SoC


Sam_Bobroff/
=============
      1  [PATCH 2/2] drm/ast: Fix connector leak during driver unload
      1  [PATCH 1/2] drm/ast: Fix incorrect free on ioregs
      1  [PATCH 0/2] Two AST driver fixes


Samuel_Ortiz/
=============
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 22/24] hw: pci-host: piix: Return PCI host
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 21/24] hw: i386: Implement the ACPI builder
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 20/24] hw: acpi: Define ACPI tables builder
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 19/24] hw: acpi: Retrieve the PCI bus from
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 18/24] hw: i386: Export the MADT build method
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 17/24] hw: acpi: Export the PCI hotplug API
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 15/24] hw: i386: Export the i386 ACPI SRAT
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 14/24] hw: i386: Make the hotpluggable memory
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 13/24] hw: acpi: Do not create hotplug method
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 12/24] hw: acpi: Export the MCFG getter
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 11/24] hw: acpi: Export and generalize the
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 09/24] hw: i386: Move PCI host definitions to
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 08/24] hw: acpi: Factorize _OSC AML across
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 07/24] hw: acpi: Generalize AML build routines
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 05/24] hw: acpi: Implement XSDT support for
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 04/24] hw: acpi: Export the RSDP build API
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 03/24] hw: acpi: The RSDP build API can
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 02/24] hw: acpi: Export ACPI build alignment
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 01/24] hw: i386: Decouple the ACPI build from
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 00/24] ACPI reorganization for


Shawn_Guo/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] ARM: dts: imx6sx-sdb: Fix enet phy regulator
      1  Re: [PATCH 7/7] ARM: dts: imx6: add mmdc ipg clock


Stefan_Agner/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] kbuild: consolidate Clang compiler flags


Stefan_Hajnoczi/
=============
      1  [PATCH v3] vhost/vsock: fix use-after-free in network stack callers


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/4] clk: qcom: Add graphics clock controller driver for SDM845
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/4] clk: qcom: gdsc: Add support to enable/disable the clocks


Sudeep_Dutt/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure


Sudeep_Holla/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] cpufreq: qcom-hw: Add support for QCOM cpufreq HW


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 0/4] irq: fix support for allocating sets of IRQs
      1  x86/build: Build VSMP support only if CONFIG_PCI is selected
      1  Re: [tip:x86/urgent] x86/vsmp: Remove dependency on pv_irq_ops
      1  Re: [Patch v4 17/18] x86/speculation: Update SPEC_CTRL MSRs of remote
      1  Re: [PATCH] x86: vsmp: avoid link error with gcc -Og
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/7] Fix "x86/alternatives: Lockdep-enforce text_mutex
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] x86/build: Build VSMP support only if CONFIG_PCI is
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 1/3] x86/mm/pageattr: Introduce helper function to
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 0/3] Unmap EFI boot services code/data regions after


Vinod_Koul/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2 17/17] arm64: dts: qcom: pms405: Add pon and pwrkey nodes
      1  [PATCH v2 16/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Use BAM DMA for serial uart2
      1  [PATCH v2 15/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add BAM DMA node
      1  [PATCH v2 14/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: add prng-ee node
      1  [PATCH v2 13/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add remoteproc nodes
      1  [PATCH v2 12/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add scm firmware node
      1  [PATCH v2 11/17] arm64: dts: qcom: pms405: add gpios
      1  [PATCH v2 10/17] arm64: dts: qcom: pms405: add rtc node
      1  [PATCH v2 09/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: add spmi node
      1  [PATCH v2 08/17] arm64: dts: qcom: pms405: add spmi node
      1  [PATCH v2 07/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add sdcc1 node
      1  [PATCH v2 06/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add TLMM pinctrl node
      1  [PATCH v2 05/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: add smp2p nodes
      1  [PATCH v2 04/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add PMS405 RPM regulators
      1  [PATCH v2 03/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add RPM GLINK related nodes
      1  [PATCH v2 02/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add reserved-memory regions
      1  [PATCH v2 01/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: add base dts files
      1  [PATCH v2 00/17] arm64: dts: qcom: qcs404: Add Device tree nodes


Viresh_Kumar/
=============
      1  [PATCH] sched: Create task_has_idle_policy() helper
      1  [PATCH 4/4] PM / Domains: Propagate performance state updates
      1  [PATCH 3/4] PM / Domains: Factorize dev_pm_genpd_set_performance_state()
      1  [PATCH 2/4] PM / Domains: Save OPP table pointer in genpd
      1  [PATCH 1/4] OPP: Add dev_pm_opp_xlate_performance_state() helper
      1  [PATCH 0/4] PM / Domains: Allow performance state propagation
      1  Re: [PATCH] cpufreq: imx6q: add return value check for voltage scale
      1  Re: [PATCH] Documentation: cpufreq: Correct a typo


Wei_Liu/
=============
      5  Re: [Xen-devel] Dom0 kernel 4.14 with SMP randomly crashing
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 3/7] x86: make PV hypercall entry points
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] dom0/pvh: Dom0 PVH with PCI passthrough support
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86: put vcpumask_to_pcpumask under
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] automation: build some customised configs
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/5] x86/domctl: Implement
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 4/5] x86/sysctl: Implement


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v10 5/6] arm64: zynqmp: Add DDRC node


alsa-devel/
=============
      1  [PATCH] fix the kernel panic due to wrong use the dev memory API
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: skl: always select SND_SOC_HDAC_HDA
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/3] ALSA: hda: add support for Huawei WMI MicMute LED
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] x86: add support for Huawei WMI hotkeys.


ath10k/
=============
      1  [PATCH v4 3/3] dt: bindings: add bindings for wifi iommu node
      1  [PATCH v4 2/3] dts: arm64/sdm845: Add WCN3990 WLAN module device node
      1  [PATCH v4 1/3] dt: bindings: add missing dt properties for WCN3990 wifi node
      1  [PATCH v4 0/3] Enable ath10k wcn3990 wifi driver support on sdm845 


ceph-devel/
=============
      1  [PATCH] ceph: quota: fix null pointer dereference in quota check


dri-devel/
=============
      3  RE: [PATCH v6 0/6] drm: add support for Cadence MHDP DPI/DP bridge.
      2  Re: [PATCH 09/10] drm/panel: Add Feiyang FY07024DI26A30-D MIPI-DSI
      1  [PATCH v3 28/28] arm64: dts: allwinner: h6: Enable HDMI output on Pine H64 board
      1  [PATCH v3 27/28] arm64: dts: allwinner: h6: Add HDMI pipeline
      1  [PATCH v3 26/28] drm: sun4i: add support for H6 TCON TOP
      1  [PATCH v3 25/28] dt-bindings: display: sun4i-drm: document H6 TCON TOP
      1  [PATCH v3 24/28] drm: sun4i: add quirks for TCON TOP
      1  [PATCH v3 23/28] drm/sun4i: Initialize registers in tcon-top driver
      1  [PATCH v3 22/28] drm/sun4i: Add support for H6 HDMI PHY
      1  [PATCH v3 21/28] drm/sun4i: Add support for Synopsys HDMI PHY
      1  [PATCH v3 20/28] drm/sun4i: dw-hdmi-phy: Reorder quirks by family
      1  [PATCH v3 19/28] drm/sun4i: Add support for H6 DW HDMI controller
      1  [PATCH v3 18/28] dt-bindings: display: sunxi: add DT binding for Allwinner H6 DW HDMI
      1  [PATCH v3 17/28] drm/sun4i: dw-hdmi: Add quirk for setting TMDS clock
      1  [PATCH v3 16/28] drm/sun4i: dw-hdmi: Make mode_valid function configurable
      1  [PATCH v3 15/28] drm/sun4i: Not all DW HDMI controllers has scrambled addresses
      1  [PATCH v3 14/28] drm/bridge/synopsys: dw-hdmi: Enable workaround for v2.12a
      1  [PATCH v3 13/28] drm/sun4i: Add support for H6 DE3 mixer 0
      1  [PATCH v3 12/28] drm/sun4i: Add basic support for DE3
      1  [PATCH v3 11/28] drm/sun4i: Disable unused DE2 sub-engines
      1  [PATCH v3 10/28] drm/sun4i: Fix DE2 mixer size
      1  [PATCH v3 09/28] drm/sun4i: Rework DE2 register defines
      1  [PATCH v3 08/28] drm/sun4i: Add compatible for H6 display engine
      1  [PATCH v3 07/28] dt-bindings: display: sun4i-drm: Add H6 display engine compatibles
      1  [PATCH v3 06/28] clk: sunxi-ng: Add support for H6 DE3 clocks
      1  [PATCH v3 05/28] dt-bindings: clock: sun8i-de2: Add H6 DE3 clock description
      1  [PATCH v3 04/28] clk: sunxi-ng: h6: Set video PLLs limits
      1  [PATCH v3 02/28] clk: sunxi-ng: Adjust MP clock parent rate when allowed
      1  [PATCH v3 01/28] dt-bindings: bus: add H6 DE3 bus binding
      1  [PATCH v3 00/28] Allwinner H6 DE3 and HDMI support
      1  [PATCH 2/2] drm/meson: Use optional canvas provider
      1  [PATCH 2/2] Docs/EDID: Calculate CRC while building the code
      1  [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: display: amlogic, meson-vpu: Add optional canvas provider node
      1  [PATCH 1/2] Docs/EDID: Fixed erroneous bits of XOFFSET, XPULSE, YOFFSET and YPULSE
      1  [PATCH 0/2] drm/meson: Allow using optional canvas provider
      1  [PATCH 0/2] Docs/EDID: Fixed and improved EDID documentation
      1  Re: [linux-sunxi] [PATCH 01/10] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Compute
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 0/6] drm: add support for Cadence MHDP DPI/DP bridge=
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/7] drm/sun4i: tcon: Pass encoder instead of using
      1  Re: [PATCH 02/10] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Support instruction loop selection
      1  Re: [PATCH 01/10] drm/sun4i: sun6i_mipi_dsi: Compute burst mode loop
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] drm/meson: Allow using optional canvas provider


embeddedor_com/
=============
      1  [PATCH] net/bluetooth: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro


intel-gfx/
=============
      1  [PATCH v4] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
      1  Re: [PATCH v4] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] mm, drm/i915: mark pinned shmemfs pages as unevictable


iommu/
=============
      3  [PATCH 1/1] iommu/vtd: Fix NULL pointer dereference in prq_event_thread()
      2  RE: [PATCH 1/1] iommu/vtd: Fix NULL pointer dereference in
      1  [PATCH v4 12/12] iommu/vt-d: Remove deferred invalidation
      1  [PATCH v4 11/12] iommu/vt-d: Shared virtual address in scalable mode
      1  [PATCH v4 10/12] iommu/vt-d: Add first level page table interface
      1  [PATCH v4 09/12] iommu/vt-d: Setup context and enable RID2PASID support
      1  [PATCH v4 08/12] iommu/vt-d: Pass pasid table to context mapping
      1  [PATCH v4 07/12] iommu/vt-d: Setup pasid entry for RID2PASID support
      1  [PATCH v4 06/12] iommu/vt-d: Add second level page table interface
      1  [PATCH v4 05/12] iommu/vt-d: Reserve a domain id for FL and PT modes
      1  [PATCH v4 04/12] iommu/vt-d: Add 256-bit invalidation descriptor support
      1  [PATCH v4 03/12] iommu/vt-d: Move page table helpers into header
      1  [PATCH v4 02/12] iommu/vt-d: Manage scalalble mode PASID tables
      1  [PATCH v4 01/12] iommu/vt-d: Enumerate the scalable mode capability
      1  [PATCH v4 00/12] iommu/vt-d: Add scalable mode support
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 11/12] iommu/vt-d: Shared virtual address in scalable
      1  Re: [PATCH 8/9] csky: don't use GFP_DMA in atomic_pool_init
      1  Re: [PATCH 7/9] csky: don't select DMA_NONCOHERENT_OPS
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/1] iommu/vtd: Fix NULL pointer dereference in


kgdb-bugreport/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] kdb: fix strncpy warning


kvm-arm/
=============
      1  [PATCH] ARM: mm: dump: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  Re: [PATCH] arm: kernel: add support for detecting armv8 cpu cache
      1  Re: [PATCH] KVM: arm64: Clarify explanation of STAGE2_PGTABLE_LEVELS


kvm-ppc/
=============
      1  [PATCH] KVM: PPC: Book3S HV: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro


linux-acpi/
=============
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH v7] i2c: Add PCI and platform drivers for
      1  Re: [PATCH v7] i2c: Add PCI and platform drivers for the AMD MP2 I2C controller


linux-amlogic/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] clk: meson: add sub MMC clock controller driver


linux-arch/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] microblaze: generate uapi header and system call
      1  Re: [PATCH security-next v5 12/30] LSM: Provide separate ordered


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
      1  [PATCH] clocksource: imx-gpt: remove unnecessary irq protection
      1  [PATCH 7/7] arm64: capabilities: Batch cpu_enable callbacks
      1  [PATCH 6/7] arm64: capabilities: Use linear array for detection and verification
      1  [PATCH 5/7] arm64: capabilities: Optimize this_cpu_has_cap
      1  [PATCH 4/7] arm64: capabilities: Speed up capability lookup
      1  [PATCH 3/7] arm64: capabilities: Merge duplicate entries for Qualcomm erratum 1003
      1  [PATCH 2/7] arm64: capabilities: Merge duplicate Cavium erratum entries
      1  [PATCH 1/7] arm64: capabilities: Merge entries for ARM64_WORKAROUND_CLEAN_CACHE
      1  [PATCH 0/7] arm64: capabilities: Optimize checking and enabling
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/7] arm64: capabilities: Optimize checking and enabling
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] sprd dts for kernel v4.20-rc1


linux-block/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH] block: respect virtual boundary mask in bvecs
      1  [PATCH] block: respect virtual boundary mask in bvecs
      1  [PATCH v2 7/7] lightnvm: pblk: remove dead code in pblk_recov_l2p
      1  [PATCH v2 6/7] lightnvm: pblk: fix pblk_lines_init error handling path
      1  [PATCH v2 5/7] lightnvm: pblk: remove unused macro
      1  [PATCH v2 4/7] lightnvm: pblk: set conservative threshold for user writes
      1  [PATCH v2 3/7] lightnvm: pblk: stop writes gracefully when running out of lines
      1  [PATCH v2 2/7] lightnvm: pblk: account for write error sectors in emeta
      1  [PATCH v2 1/7] lightnvm: pblk: fix resubmission of overwritten write err lbas
      1  [PATCH v2 0/7] PBLK Bugfixes and cleanups
      1  [PATCH 7/7] lightnvm: pblk: remove dead code in pblk_recov_l2p
      1  [PATCH 6/7] lightnvm: pblk: fix pblk_lines_init error handling path
      1  [PATCH 5/7] lightnvm: pblk: remove unused macro
      1  [PATCH 4/7] lightnvm: pblk: set conservative threshold for user writes
      1  [PATCH 3/7] lightnvm: pblk: stop writes gracefully when running out of lines
      1  [PATCH 2/7] lightnvm: pblk: account for write error sectors in emeta
      1  [PATCH 1/7] lightnvm: pblk: fix resubmission of overwritten write err lbas
      1  [PATCH 0/7] PBLK Bugfixes and cleanups
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 7/7] lightnvm: pblk: remove dead code in pblk_recov_l2p
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/7] lightnvm: pblk: fix resubmission of overwritten
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/4] irq: fix support for allocating sets of IRQs


linux-btrfs/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] btrfs: avoid link error with CONFIG_NO_AUTO_INLINE


linux-can/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH 1/6] phy: Add max_bitrate attribute &


linux-cifs/
=============
      1  linux-next: Signed-off-by missing for commit in the cifs tree


linux-clk/
=============
      1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: sdm845: Add videocc node


linux-crypto/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] crypto: streebog - add Streebog hash function
      2  Re: [PATCH] crypto: mark cts(cbc(aes)) as FIPS allowed
      1  [PATCH] crypto: ecc - check for invalid values in the key verification test
      1  [PATCH 5/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: fix use_after_free of struct xxx_request
      1  [PATCH 4/5] crypto: tool: getstat: convert user space example to the new crypto_user_stat uapi
      1  [PATCH 3/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: split user space crypto stat structures
      1  [PATCH 2/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: convert all stats from u32 to u64
      1  [PATCH 1/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: made crypto_user_stat optional
      1  [PATCH 0/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: misc enhancement
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/3] crypto: streebog - add Streebog hash function
      1  Re: [PATCH net-next v6 23/23] net: WireGuard secure network tunnel


linux-doc/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] Document /proc/pid PID reuse behavior
      1  [PATCH resend] Documentation/x86: fix typo in zero-page.txt
      1  [PATCH 2/2 resend] Documentation/admin-guide: fix grammar in
      1  [PATCH 1/2 resend] Documentation/admin-guide: fix typos in


linux-efi/
=============
      1  [PATCH v5 2/2] efi: take size of partition entry from GPT header
      1  [PATCH v5 1/2] efi: add sanity checks for GPT entries
      1  [PATCH V3 3/3] x86/efi: Move efi_<reserve/free>_boot_services() to arch/x86
      1  [PATCH V3 2/3] x86/efi: Unmap EFI boot services code/data regions from efi_pgd
      1  [PATCH V3 1/3] x86/mm/pageattr: Introduce helper function to unmap EFI boot services
      1  [PATCH V3 0/3] Unmap EFI boot services code/data regions after boot.
      1  RE: [PATCH V3 1/3] x86/mm/pageattr: Introduce helper function to


linux-ext4/
=============
      1  [PATCH] ext4: remove code duplication in
      1  [PATCH] ext4: missing !bh check in ext4_xattr_inode_write()
      1  [PATCH v2] ext4: remove code duplication in
      1  Re: [PATCH] ext4: remove code duplication in
      1  Re: [LKP] [ext4 resize] 1ee5ee5ec3: WARNING:at_fs/buffer.c:#__brelse


linux-f2fs-devel/
=============
      1  [PATCH] f2fs: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro


linux-fsdevel/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v4 2/3] mm: introduce put_user_page*(), placeholder
      1  x86/build: Build VSMP support only if CONFIG_PCI is selected
      1  [PATCH v10 4/4] ipc: Add a cyclic mode for id generation
      1  [PATCH v10 3/4] ipc: Make the new sequence number generation mode available to all
      1  [PATCH v10 2/4] ipc: Conserve sequence numbers in extended IPCMNI mode
      1  [PATCH v10 1/4] ipc: Allow boot time extension of IPCMNI from 32k to 8M
      1  [PATCH v10 0/4] ipc: Increase IPCMNI limit & IPC id generation modes
      1  [PATCH 12/12] VFS: locks: remove unnecessary white space.
      1  [PATCH 11/12] locks: merge posix_unblock_lock() and
      1  [PATCH 10/12] fs/locks: create a tree of dependent requests.
      1  [PATCH 09/12] fs/locks: change all *_conflict() functions to return
      1  [PATCH 08/12] fs/locks: always delete_block after waiting.
      1  [PATCH 07/12] fs/locks: allow a lock request to block other
      1  [PATCH 06/12] locks: use properly initialized file_lock when
      1  [PATCH 05/12] ocfs2: properly initial file_lock used for unlock.
      1  [PATCH 04/12] gfs2: properly initial file_lock used for unlock.
      1  [PATCH 03/12] NFS: use locks_copy_lock() to copy locks.
      1  [PATCH 02/12] fs/locks: split out __locks_wake_up_blocks().
      1  [PATCH 01/12] fs/locks: rename some lists and pointers.
      1  [PATCH 00/12] Series short description
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] x86/build: Build VSMP support only if CONFIG_PCI is
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] mm: introduce page->dma_pinned_flags, _count
      1  Re: BUG: aio/direct-io data corruption in 4.7


linux-i2c/
=============
      1  [PATCH v8] i2c: Add driver for the AMD PCIe MP2 I2C controller
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] i2c: rk3x: fix some typo


linux-iio/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/3] iio: magnetometer: Add driver support for PNI
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/3] iio: magnetometer: Add driver support for PNI


linux-kbuild/
=============
      1  [PATCH] init/Kconfig: make CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_DEBUGGING visible only for GCC
      1  Re: [PATCH] kbuild: rpm-pkg: fix two build breaks when O= is used
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] kconfig: merge_config: avoid false positive matches


linux-kselftest/
=============
      1  [PATCH] kselftests/bpf: use ping6 as the default ipv6 ping binary when it exists
      1  [PATCH v2] kselftests/bpf: use ping6 as the default ipv6 ping binary when it exists
      1  [PATCH resend] Documentation/dev-tools: clean up kselftest.rst


linux-mips/
=============
      1  [PATCH] MIPS: math-emu: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro


linux-mmc/
=============
      1  [PATCH RFC 3/3] dt-bindings: sdhci-omap: Add example for using dmaengine
      1  [PATCH RFC 2/3] mmc: sdhci-omap: Add using external dma
      1  [PATCH RFC 1/3] mmc: sdhci: add support for using external DMA devices
      1  [PATCH RFC 0/3] Add support for using external dma in SDHCI


linux-mtd/
=============
      1  [PATCH] mtd: nand: drop kernel-doc notation for a deleted function
      1  [PATCH v3 6/6] dt-bindings: spi: QuadSPI driver for Atmel SAMA5D2
      1  [PATCH v3 5/6] spi: Add QuadSPI driver for Atmel SAMA5D2
      1  [PATCH v3 4/6] mtd: spi-nor: atmel-quadspi: Remove unused code from atmel-quadspi driver
      1  [PATCH v3 3/6] mtd: spi-nor: atmel-quadspi: Use spi-mem interface for atmel-quadspi driver
      1  [PATCH v3 2/6] mtd: spi-nor: atmel-quadspi: Add spi-mem support to atmel-quadspi
      1  [PATCH v3 1/6] mtd: spi-nor: atmel-quaspi: Typo fix
      1  [PATCH v3 0/6] New QuadSPI driver for Atmel SAMA5D2
      1  Re: [LINUX PATCH v12] mtd: rawnand: pl353: Add basic driver for arm


linux-next/
=============
      1  linux-next: Tree for Nov 5
      1  Re: linux-next: Tree for Oct 31 (vboxguest)


linux-pci/
=============
      1  [PATCHv2 6/6] misc: pci_endpoint_test: Add the layerscape EP device support
      1  [PATCHv2 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.
      1  [PATCHv2 4/6] arm64: dts: Add the PCIE EP node in dts
      1  [PATCHv2 3/6] PCI: layerscape: Add the EP mode support
      1  [PATCHv2 2/6] ARM: dts: ls1021a: Add the status property disable PCIe
      1  [PATCHv2 1/6] arm64: dts: Add the status property disable PCIe
      1  [PATCH] PCI: Add HXT vendor ID and ACS quirk
      1  RE: [PATCH 5/6] pci: layerscape: Add the EP mode support.


linux-perf-users/
=============
      3  Re: perf script doesn't dump a normal call trace


linux-pm/
=============
      1  [PATCH] cpufreq: imx6q: add return value check for voltage scale
      1  [PATCH 4/4] power: reset: at91-poweroff: remove at91_ramc_of_match
      1  [PATCH 3/4] power: reset: at91-poweroff: check shdwc data structure
      1  [PATCH 2/4] power: reset: at91-poweroff: move shdwc related data to
      1  [PATCH 1/4] power: reset: at91-poweroff: use one poweroff function
      1  [PATCH 0/4] power: reset: at91-poweroff: cleanups


linux-rdma/
=============
      1  [SPAM] RE: [PATCH] net/mlx5e: fix high stack usage


linux-riscv/
=============
      1  [PATCH] riscv: fix spacing in struct pt_regs
      1  [PATCH] riscv: add missing vdso_install target
      1  [PATCH] riscv: add asm/unistd.h UAPI header
      1  Re: [RFC 0/2] RISC-V: A proposal to add vendor-specific code
      1  Re: [PATCH] riscv: add asm/unistd.h UAPI header


linux-s390/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 3/7] vfio: ap: AP Queue Interrupt structures


linux-scsi/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: myrs: only build on little-endian platforms
      1  Re: [PATCH] scsi: lpfc: fix remoteport access


linux-security-module/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v3 4/5] tpm: retrieve digest size of unknown algorithms
      3  Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] tpm: change the end marker of the active_banks
      1  RE: [RFC v4 0/2] WhiteEgret LSM module


linux-sgx/
=============
      1  [PATCH] x86/cpu/intel: clean up detect_sgx() flow
      1  Re: [PATCH v15 05/23] x86/cpu/intel: Detect SGX support and update


linux-soc/
=============
      1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: qcom: msm8974-hammerhead: add WiFi support


linux-tegra/
=============
      1  [PATCH v1 4/4] thermal: tegra: fix coverity defect
      1  [PATCH v1 3/4] thermal: tegra: fix memory allocation
      1  [PATCH v1 2/4] thermal: tegra: remove unnecessary warnings
      1  [PATCH v1 1/4] thermal: tegra: continue if sensor register fails
      1  [PATCH v1 0/4] Fixes for Tegra soctherm


linux-tip-commits/
=============
      2  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/hyper-v: Fix indentation in
      2  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/build: Remove -pipe from KBUILD_CFLAGS
      1  [tip:x86/urgent] x86/vsmp: Remove dependency on pv_irq_ops
      1  [tip:x86/urgent] Documentation/x86: Fix typo in zero-page.txt
      1  [tip:x86/cleanups] x86/gart: Rewrite early_gart_iommu_check()
      1  [tip:x86/asm] x86: Use POPCNT mnemonics in arch_hweight.h
      1  [tip:timers/core] clockevents: Remove unnecessary unlikely()
      1  [tip:sched/urgent] sched/fair: Fix a comment in task_numa_fault()
      1  [tip:irq/core] genirq/affinity: Spread IRQs to all available NUMA
      1  [tip:irq/core] genirq/affinity: Pass first vector to
      1  [tip:irq/core] genirq/affinity: Move two stage affinity spreading
      1  [tip:irq/core] genirq/affinity: Add support for allocating
      1  [tip:core/urgent] resource/docs: Fix new kernel-doc warnings
      1  [PATCH] resource: Complete kernel-doc style function documentation
      1  Re: [tip:core/urgent] resource/docs: Fix new kernel-doc warnings


linux-usb/
=============
      1  [PATCH] USB: serial: io_ti: Replaced simple_strtoul with kstrtoul + Formatting issues
      1  [PATCH 5/5 v7] memstick: rtsx_usb_ms: Support runtime power management
      1  [PATCH 3/5 v7] memstick: Prevent memstick host from getting runtime suspended during card detection
      1  [PATCH 2/5 v7] misc: rtsx_usb: Use USB remote wakeup signaling for card insertion detection
      1  [PATCH 1/5 v7] memstick: rtsx_usb_ms: Add missing pm_runtime_disable() in probe function
      1  [PATCH 0/5 v7] Keep rtsx_usb suspended when there's no card
      1  Re: [PATCH] usb: dwc2: gadget: fix ISOC frame overflow handling
      1  Re: [PATCH] USB: serial: io_ti: Replaced simple_strtoul with
      1  Re: USB-C device hotplug issue
      1  RE: [RFC PATCH v1 13/14] usb:cdns3: Adds debugging function.


linux-xfs/
=============
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] vfs: fix many problems in vfs clone/dedupe


linuxppc-dev/
=============
      2  [PATCH] arch/powerpc: Use dma_zalloc_coherent
      1  [PATCH] powerpc/fadump: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: fsl_ssi: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  Re: [PATCH v11 10/26] mm: protect VMA modifications using VMA
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] powerpc/boot: Set target when cross-compiling for clang
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] Makefile: Export clang toolchain variables
      1  Re: System not booting since dm changes? (was Linux 4.20-rc1)


osuosl-devel/
=============
      1  [RESEND] staging: rtl8723bs: fix small typo
      1  [RESEND] Staging: rtl8712: fix small typo
      1  [PATCH v2] staging: vt6655: fix small typo
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH v2] staging: bcm2835-audio: interpolate audio


platform-driver-x86/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH V7 5/9] misc/pvpanic: add support to get pvpanic device
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V7 9/9] misc/pvpanic: remove a redundant comma
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V7 6/9] misc/pvpanic : break dependency on
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V7 5/9] misc/pvpanic: add support to get
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V7 3/9] misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support
      1  [SPAM] [PATCH V7 1/9] pvpanic: move pvpanic to misc as
      1  [PATCH V7 8/9]  misc/pvpanic: convert to SPDX license tags
      1  [PATCH V7 7/9]  misc/pvpanic: remove unnecessary header file
      1  [PATCH V7 4/9]  dt-bindings: misc/pvpanic: add document for pvpanic-mmio
      1  [PATCH V7 2/9]  misc/pvpanic: simplify the code using acpi_dev_resource_io
      1  Re: [PATCH V7 9/9] misc/pvpanic: remove a redundant comma
      1  Re: [PATCH V7 6/9] misc/pvpanic : break dependency on ACPI
      1  Re: [PATCH V7 3/9] misc/pvpanic: add MMIO support


qemu-devel/
=============
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [Qemu-devel] xen_disk qdevification


virtualization/
=============
      1  [PATCH v4 4/4] drm/virtio: bump driver version after explicit synchronization addition
      1  [PATCH v4 3/4] drm/virtio: add in/out fence support for explicit synchronization
      1  [PATCH v4 2/4] drm/virtio: add uapi for in and out explicit fences
      1  [PATCH v4 1/4] drm/virtio: add virtio_gpu_alloc_fence()
      1  [PATCH v4 0/4] virgl: fence fd support


x86_Andy_Lutomirski/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH] x86/mm/fault: Allow stack access below %rsp


xen-devel/
=============
      6  Re: [Xen-devel] Dom0 kernel 4.14 with SMP randomly crashing
      3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 3/7] x86: make PV hypercall entry points
      3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 6/9] viridian: separate time related
      3  Re: [Xen-devel] [OSSTEST PATCH] README.hardware-acquisition [and 1
      2  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus bisection] complete
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH RESEND qemu-xen-traditional] xen/pt: allow
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 129400: tolerable FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable baseline-only test] 75568: tolerable FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [qemu-mainline baseline-only test] 75570: regressions -
      1  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus test] 129417: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus test] 129389: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [linux-4.14 test] 129413: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [distros-debian-sid test] 75571: tolerable FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/5] x86/domctl: Implement
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 4/5] x86/sysctl: Implement
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 3/5] x86: Introduce struct cpu_policy to
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 2/5] libx86: Introduce a helper to serialise
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 1/5] libx86: Introduce a helper to serialise
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 0/5] x86: Be able to retrieve system and
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/vcpu: Remove struct vcpu allocation
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 6/6] x86/emul: dedup hvmemul_cpuid() and
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 5/6] x86/emul: Don't use the ->cpuid() hook for
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 4/6] x86/emul: Pass a full cpuid_policy into
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/6] tools/x86emul: Use struct cpuid_policy in
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/6] libx86: Split
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 1/6] tools: Move the typesafe min/max helpers
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH 0/6] x86/emul: Use struct cpuid_policy for
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] dom0/pvh: Dom0 PVH with PCI
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 14/16] xen/arm: p2m: Extend
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 3/3] x86emul: consolidate CR4
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] dom0/pvh: Dom0 PVH with PCI passthrough support
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC 09/16] xen/arm: p2m: Introduce a function to
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/vcpu: Remove struct vcpu allocation
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] automation: build some customised configs
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v6 22/26] xen: support console_switching
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 7/7] x86: update help string for
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/7] x86: make entry point code build
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/5] x86/domctl: Implement
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 4/7] x86: rearrange x86_64/entry.S
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 4/5] x86/sysctl: Implement
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 3/5] x86: Introduce struct cpu_policy to
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/domctl: rework XEN_DOMCTL_{set,
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 1/7] x86: make traps.c build with
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 1/5] libx86: Introduce a helper to
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/hvm: Clean up the rest of bool_t
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 9/9] viridian: introduce struct
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 7/9] viridian: define type for the
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 5/9] viridian: separate interrupt related
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH 2/3] x86emul: raise #GP(0) in VME mode for
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] Does XEN ARM support RTC in domu?


