
0_Greg_Kroah-Hartman/
=============
      1  Re: [patch 2/2] Documentation/process: Add tip tree handbook
      1  Re: [PATCH] media: staging: tegra-vde: print long unsigned using %lu
      1  Re: [PATCH v1] PCI: Move Rohm vendor ID to generic list


0_Ingo_Molnar/
=============
     10  Re: [patch 2/2] Documentation/process: Add tip tree handbook
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 2/2] proc: add /proc/<pid>/thread_state


0_Linus_Torvalds/
=============
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] mtd: Fixes for 4.20-rc2
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] Compiler Attributes for v4.20-rc2


0_Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
      1  Re: [patch 0/2] Documentation/process: Add subsystem/tree handbook
      1  Re: [RFC perf,bpf 1/5] perf, bpf: Introduce PERF_RECORD_BPF_EVENT
      1  Re: [PATCH v15 12/12] cpuset: Expose cpuset.cpus.subpartitions with
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] perf/x86/intel/uncore: Add more IMC PCI IDs for
      1  Re: Question on comment header for for_each_domain()


0_X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v2] x86/cpu: fix prototype warning
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 5/8] ARM: l2x0: add marvell,ecc-enable property for
      1  Re: [PATCH 02/23] x86/fpu: Remove fpu->initialized usage in
      1  Re: [PATCH 01/23] x86/fpu: Use ULL for shift in


0_kernel-hardening/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 4/4] Kselftest for module text allocation benchmarking
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 2/4] x86/modules: Increase randomization for modules
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 1/4] vmalloc: Add __vmalloc_node_try_addr function
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 0/4] KASLR feature to randomize each loadable module


0_linux-kernel/
=============
      6  Re: [PATCH] Revert "scripts/setlocalversion: git: Make -dirty check
      3  Re: [RFC PATCH] ptrace: add PTRACE_GET_SYSCALL_INFO request
      3  Re: [Patch v4 17/18] x86/speculation: Update SPEC_CTRL MSRs of remote
      3  Re: [LKP] [locks] dee160df82: BUG:KASAN:null-ptr-deref_in_l
      2  Re: virtio-balloon: VIRTIO_BALLOON_F_PAGE_POISON discussion
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 1/2] x86/fpu: detect AVX task
      2  Re: [PATCH] regulator: bd71837: add <linux/of.h> to fix build errors
      2  Re: [PATCH] lib/genaloc: Fix allocation of aligned buffer from
      2  Re: [PATCH RFC] hist lookups
      2  RE: [tip:irq/core] genirq/matrix: Improve target CPU selection for
      1  perf: perf_fuzzer triggers NULL pointer dereference
      1  [RFC PATCH v2 2/2] proc: add /proc/<pid>/thread_state
      1  [RFC PATCH v2 1/2] x86/fpu: detect AVX task
      1  [QUESTION] Microsoft, WSL, and the Linux trademark
      1  [PATCH] x86/cpufeatures: Add WBNOINVD feature definition
      1  [PATCH] sched/rt: Introduce prio_{higher,lower}() helper for comparing RT task prority
      1  [PATCH] sched/rt: Introduce prio_lower() helper for comparing RT task prority
      1  [PATCH] sched/fair: make some function static
      1  [PATCH] regulator: bd9571mwv: convert to SPDX identifiers
      1  [PATCH] regulator: as3711: convert to SPDX identifiers
      1  [PATCH] regulator/of_get_regulator: add child path to find the regulator supplier
      1  [PATCH v3 2/2] nds32: support hardware prefetcher
      1  [PATCH v3 1/2] nds32: Fix the items of hwcap_str ordering issue.
      1  [PATCH v2] x86/cpu: fix prototype warning
      1  [PATCH v2] panic: Avoid the extra noise dmesg
      1  [PATCH v2] objtool: fix .cold. functions parent symbols search
      1  [PATCH v2] lib/genaloc: Fix allocation of aligned buffer from non-aligned chunk
      1  [PATCH v2 2/2] platform/chrome: don't report EC_MKBP_EVENT_SENSOR_FIFO as wakeup
      1  [PATCH v2 2/2] nds32: support hardware prefetcher
      1  [PATCH v2 1/2] platform/chrome: straighten out cros_ec_get_{next,host}_event() error codes
      1  [PATCH v2 1/2] nds32: Fix the items of hwcap_str ordering issue.
      1  [PATCH 2/2] tracing: Check keys for variable references in expressions too
      1  [PATCH 2/2] platform/chrome: don't report EC_MKBP_EVENT_SENSOR_FIFO as wakeup
      1  [PATCH 1/2] tracing: Prevent hist_field_var_ref() from accessing NULL tracing_map_elts
      1  [PATCH 1/2] platform/chrome: fixup cros_ec_get_next_event() error codes
      1  [PATCH 0/2] tracing: Fix NULL pointer bug in hist key expressions
      1  Re: multiplexing /dev/console to all console= entries
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 2/2] proc: add /proc/<pid>/thread_state
      1  Re: [QUESTION] Microsoft, WSL, and the Linux trademark
      1  Re: [QUESTION] Microsoft, WSL,
      1  Re: [Patch v4 07/18] x86/smt: Convert cpu_smt_control check to
      1  Re: [PATCH] sched/rt: Introduce prio_{higher,lower}() helper for
      1  Re: [PATCH] sched/rt: Introduce prio_lower() helper for comparing RT
      1  Re: [PATCH] objtool: fix .cold. functions parent symbols search
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 2/2] sched/fair: update scale invariance of PELT
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] x86/cpu: fix prototype warning
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC 1/1] drivers: pinctrl: qcom: add wakeup capability to
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] platform/chrome: fixup cros_ec_get_next_event() error codes
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] perf/x86/intel/uncore: Add more IMC PCI IDs for
      1  Re: Question: perf dso support for /proc/kallsyms


1_kernel_test_robot/
=============
      1  sound/soc/qcom/sdm845.c:156:3-4: Unneeded semicolon
      1  drivers/net/ethernet/chelsio/cxgb4/cxgb4_thermal.c:96: undefined
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH v2 3/4] mm: convert totalram_pages and
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] mm: Fix multiple evaluvations of
      1  [LKP] [drivers/base] 1431aa42b3:
      1  [LKP] 80c70613c8 ("aaa"): BUG: KASAN: stack-out-of-bounds in
      1  [LKP] 79904925f4 ("mm,
      1  [LKP] 44169d9694 [ 43.428254] BUG: sleeping function called from
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] mm: Remove managed_page_count spinlock
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/4] mm: convert totalram_pages and totalhigh_pages
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] mm: Fix multiple evaluvations of totalram_pages


Alan_Stern/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 4/6] usb: ohci-platform: Add support for Broadcom STB
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] usb: gadget: add functions to signal udc driver to


Alan_Tull/
=============
      1  [PATCH 4/4] zynq-fpga: Only route PR via PCAP when required
      1  [PATCH 3/4] fpga: altera-cvp: Fix registration for CvP incapable devices
      1  [PATCH 2/4] fpga: dfl: fme: remove set but not used variable 'priv'
      1  [PATCH 1/4] fpga: altera-cvp: fix 'bad IO access' on x86_64
      1  [PATCH 0/4] patches for FPGA


Alexandre_Belloni/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] rtc: pcf2127: fix a kmemleak caused in
      1  Re: [PATCH] rtc: hctosys: Add missing range error reporting
      1  Re: [PATCH v7 0/7] clocksource: rework Atmel TCB timer driver
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] power: reset: at91-poweroff: move shdwc related data


Andrew_Morton/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] lib/genaloc: Fix allocation of aligned buffer from
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm/sparse: add common helper to mark all memblocks
      2  Re: [LKP] d50d82faa0 [ 33.671845] WARNING: possible circular
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 4/5] mm, memory_hotplug: print reason for the
      1  Re: [PATCH] z3fold: encode object length in the handle
      1  Re: [PATCH] scripts/spdxcheck: make python3 compliant
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] ubsan: don't mark __ubsan_handle_builtin_unreachable
      1  Re: [PATCH V2] binder: ipc namespace support for android binder
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm: Introduce common STRUCT_PAGE_MAX_SHIFT define


Andy_Shevchenko/
=============
      1  [PATCH v1] PCI: Move Rohm vendor ID to generic list


Ard_Biesheuvel/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/3] arm64: implement live patching
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 1/3] arm64: implement ftrace with regs


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] riscv: add asm/unistd.h UAPI header
      2  Re: [PATCH anybus v3 5/6] dt-bindings: anybuss-host: document
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] microblaze: generate uapi header and system call
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] ubsan: don't mark __ubsan_handle_builtin_unreachable
      1  Re: [PATCH anybus v3 6/6] misc: support HMS Profinet IRT industrial controller
      1  Re: [PATCH anybus v3 4/6] bus: support HMS Anybus-S bus
      1  Re: [PATCH anybus v3 1/6] misc: support the Arcx anybus bridge
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] Regenerate arm64 defconfig for current kernel


Bart_Van_Assche/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] block: respect virtual boundary mask in bvecs
      1  Re: [LKP] [drivers/base] 1431aa42b3:


Benjamin_Gaignard/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2 4/4] ARM: dts: stm32: enable hwspinlock on stm32mp157c-ed1
      1  [PATCH v2 3/4] ARM: dts: stm32: Add hwspinlock node for stm32mp157 SoC
      1  [PATCH v2 2/4] hwspinlock: add STM32 hwspinlock device
      1  [PATCH v2 1/4] dt-bindings: hwlock: Document STM32 hwspinlock bindings
      1  [PATCH v2 0/4] Add support of STM32 hwspinlock


Benjamin_Herrenschmidt/
=============
      1  Re: radeon vs radeonfb Mobility quirks (Thinkpad X32)


Bjorn_Andersson/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] hwspinlock: Add test module
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/5] ARM: dts: stm32: Add hwspinlock node for stm32mp157
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] hwspinlock: add STM32 hwspinlock device
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] dt-bindings: hwlock: Document STM32 hwspinlock
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: clk: Introduce 'protected-clocks'


Boris_Brezillon/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 3/7] mtd: spi-nor: add restriction for nmaps in smpt
      1  [GIT PULL] mtd: Fixes for 4.20-rc2
      1  Re: [PATCH][i3c-next] i3c: fix incorrect update to max_read_ds
      1  Re: [PATCH] mtd: nand: spi: Add initial support for Toshiba
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 06/10] ARM: defconfig: Use the new FSL QSPI driver
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 03/10] dt-bindings: spi: Adjust the bindings for the
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 02/10] dt-bindings: spi: Move the bindings for the
      1  Re: [PATCH 6/7] mtd: spi-nor: ensure memory used for nor->read() is
      1  Re: [PATCH 5/7] mtd: spi_nor: pass DMA-able buffer to
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/7] mtd: spi-nor: fix iteration over smpt array
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] ubi: Expose the bitrot interface
      1  Re: Applied "spi: Add QuadSPI driver for Atmel SAMA5D2" to the spi


CHROME_Olof_Johansson/
=============
      3  Re: [TECH TOPIC] SoC maintainer group
      2  Re: [PATCH v4 06/10] ARM: defconfig: Use the new FSL QSPI driver
      2  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [TECH TOPIC] SoC maintainer group
      1  [GIT PULL] ARM: SoC fixes
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] ubsan: don't mark __ubsan_handle_builtin_unreachable
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] ARM: SoC fixes


Catalin_Marinas/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 12/22] kasan, arm64: fix up fault handling logic
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 08/22] kasan, arm64: untag address in __kimg_to_phys


Chanho_Min/
=============
      1  [PATCH] freezer: fix freeze timeout on exec


Chao_Yu/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] staging: erofs: use the new LZ4_decompress_safe_partial()


Charles_Keepax/
=============
      1  [PATCH v4 6/6] pinctrl: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic Lochnagar
      1  [PATCH v4 5/6] clk: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic Lochnagar
      1  [PATCH v4 4/6] mfd: lochnagar: Add support for the Cirrus Logic Lochnagar
      1  [PATCH v4 3/6] mfd: lochnagar: Add initial binding documentation
      1  [PATCH v4 0/6] Lochnagar Driver
      1  [PATCH 2/6] regulator: lochnagar: Move driver to binding from DT
      1  [PATCH 1/6] regulator: lochnagar: Explicitly include register headers


Chen-Yu_Tsai/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 3/3] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: enable sound on Pinebook
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 2/3] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: enable sound on Pine64
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/3] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: add nodes necessary
      1  Re: [PATCH 11/15] Bluetooth: hci_bcm: Add BCM20702A1 variant


Christian_Koenig/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH -next] drm/ttm: remove set but not used variable 'driver'


Christoph_Hellwig/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] jffs2: implement mount option to configure endianness
      1  Re: [PATCH] block: respect virtual boundary mask in bvecs
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] nvme: create 'paths' entries for hidden controllers


Chunfeng_Yun/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH V2 2/6] usb: core: Add ability to skip phy exit on


Cornelia_Huck/
=============
      1  Re: [kvm-unit-tests PATCH] s390x: Fixup svc handling
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 4/7] vfio: ap: AP Queue Interrupt Control VFIO ioctl


Dan_Williams/
=============
      1  Re: [patch 0/2] Documentation/process: Add subsystem/tree handbook
      1  Re: [PATCH] libnvdimm: Fix __nd_ioctl() to check error in cmd_rc
      1  Re: [PATCH 7/8] device-dax: Add support for a dax override driver


Daniel_Lezcano/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] irq/timings: Fix model validity


Daniel_Mack/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 08/24] leds: lt3593: Use led_compose_name()


Darren_Hart/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] scripts/kconfig/merge_config: don't redefine 'y' to 'm'


David_Rientjes/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] mm, slab: remove unnecessary unlikely()


David_S_Miller/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH RFC] hist lookups
      1  Re: [Patch net-next 00/12] provide new interfaces & bugfixes &
      1  Re: [PATCH] net: dsa: bcm_sf2: fix semicolon.cocci warnings
      1  Re: [PATCH] dpaa_eth: add ethtool coalesce control
      1  Re: [PATCH net-next] net: hns3: Remove set but not used variable
      1  Re: [PATCH net-next] inet: minor optimization for backlog setting


David_Teigland/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] dlm: fix various incorrect behaviors


David_Woodhouse/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH] jffs2: implement mount option to configure endianness


Davidlohr_Bueso/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH V2] binder: ipc namespace support for android binder
      2  Re: [PATCH] fs/proc: introduce /proc/stat2 file
      1  [PATCH 6/6] fs/epoll: avoid barrier after an epoll_wait(2) timeout
      1  [PATCH 5/6] fs/epoll: reduce the scope of wq lock in epoll_wait()
      1  [PATCH 4/6] fs/epoll: robustify ep->mtx held checks
      1  [PATCH 3/6] fs/epoll: drop ovflist branch prediction
      1  [PATCH 2/6] fs/epoll: simplify ep_send_events_proc() ready-list loop
      1  [PATCH 1/6] fs/epoll: remove max_nests argument from ep_call_nested()
      1  [PATCH -next 0/6] epoll: some miscellaneous optimizations


Dinh_Nguyen/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/3] ARM: socfpga: Clean unused functions


Dmitry_Osipenko/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] media: staging: tegra-vde: print long unsigned using %lu


Eddie_James/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/2] media: platform: Add Aspeed Video Engine driver


Fabio_Estevam/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx7d-sdb: add rev-a board support
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: fsl_ssi: Change to use
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop USB_ULPI_BUS and USB_CHIPIDEA_ULPI


Florian_Fainelli/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH V3 4/6] usb: ohci-platform: Add support for Broadcom STB
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 0/3] Stingray thermal driver support
      1  Re: [PATCH stable 4.9] posix-timers: Sanitize overrun handling


Frank_Rowand/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC v2 00/14] kunit: introduce KUnit, the Linux kernel unit


Gao_Xiang/
=============
      1  [PATCH] staging: erofs: use the new LZ4_decompress_safe_partial()
      1  Re: [PATCH] staging: erofs: use the new LZ4_decompress_safe_partial()


Grygorii_Strashko/
=============
      1  [PATCH 5/5] phy: core: clean up unused ethernet specific phy modes
      1  [PATCH 4/5] phy: mvebu-cp110-comphy: convert to use eth phy mode and submode


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: hwmon: tmp108: add optional interrupts and
      1  [GIT PULL] hwmon fixes for v4.20-rc2
      1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "scripts/setlocalversion: git: Make -dirty check
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] x86/amd_nb: add support for newer PCI topologies


H_Peter_Anvin/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v9 02/10] Makefile: Prepare for using macros for inline asm


Hans_Verkuil/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/3] media: meson: add v4l2 m2m video decoder driver


Heiko_Stuebner/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] input: cros_ec_keyb: fix button/switch capability reports
      1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: hwmon: tmp108: add optional interrupts and #thermal-sensor-cells


Horia_Geantă/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH 7/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop CRYPTO_DEV_FSL_DPAA2_CAAM
      1  [PATCH] arm64: defconfig: enable DPAA2 fsl-mc bus and DPIO=0A=
      1  [PATCH] arm64: defconfig: enable DPAA2 fsl-mc bus and DPIO driver=


Huang_Rui/
=============
      1  [PATCH -next] drm/ttm: remove set but not used variable 'driver'
      1  RE: [PATCH -next] drm/ttm: remove set but not used variable 'driver'


Jacek_Anaszewski/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] leds: trigger: Fix sleeping function called from invalid
      1  Re: [PATCH trivial] Documentation: ABI: led-trigger-pattern: Fix
      1  Re: [PATCH 08/24] leds: lt3593: Use led_compose_name()
      1  Re: [PATCH 03/24] leds: dt-bindings: Add LED_FUNCTION definitions
      1  Re: [PATCH 01/24] leds: class: Improve LED and LED flash class


Jacob_Pan/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] iommu/vt-d: respect max guest address width in agaw


Jacopo_Mondi/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/4] media: i2c: Add MAX9286 driver


Janosch_Frank/
=============
      1  [kvm-unit-tests PATCH] s390x: Fixup svc handling
      1  [kvm-unit-tests PATCH] s390x: Fixup interrupt psws


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v4 1/6] tpm: dynamically allocate active_banks array
      2  Re: [PATCH v4 4/6] tpm: modify tpm_pcr_read() definition to pass a
      2  Re: [PATCH v4 2/6] tpm: remove definition of TPM2_ACTIVE_PCR_BANKS
      2  Re: [PATCH v16 18/22] platform/x86: Intel SGX driver
      2  Re: [PATCH v15 23/23] x86/sgx: Driver documentation
      2  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups
      1  [PATCH v5 17/17] tpm: remove @flags from tpm_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v5 16/17] tpm: take TPM chip power gating out of tpm_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v5 15/17] tpm: introduce tpm_chip_start() and tpm_chip_stop()
      1  [PATCH v5 14/17] tpm: remove TPM_TRANSMIT_UNLOCKED flag
      1  [PATCH v5 13/17] tpm: use tpm_try_get_ops() in tpm-sysfs.c.
      1  [PATCH v5 12/17] tpm: remove @space from tpm_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v5 11/17] tpm: move TPM space code out of tpm_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v5 10/17] tpm: encapsulate tpm_dev_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v5 09/17] tpm: move tpm_validate_commmand() to tpm2-space.c
      1  [PATCH v5 08/17] tpm: access command header through struct in  tpm_try_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v5 07/17] tpm: declare struct tpm_header
      1  [PATCH v5 05/17] tpm: print tpm2_commit_space() error inside tpm2_commit_space()
      1  [PATCH v5 04/17] tpm: call tpm2_flush_space() on error in tpm_try_transmit()
      1  [PATCH v5 03/17] tpm: return 0 from pcrs_show() when tpm1_pcr_read() fails
      1  [PATCH v5 02/17] tpm: fix invalid return value in pubek_show()
      1  [PATCH v5 01/17] tpm: use tpm_buf in tpm_transmit_cmd() as the IO parameter
      1  [PATCH v5 00/17] Remove nested TPM operations
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 6/6] tpm: ensure that the output of PCR read contains
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 0/6] tpm: retrieve digest size of unknown algorithms


Jason_Wang/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH net-next v2 3/5] virtio_ring: add packed ring support
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] VSOCK: support fill data to mergeable rx buffer in


Jens_Axboe/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v2] block: respect virtual boundary mask in bvecs
      1  Re: linux-next: build warning after merge of the block tree
      1  Re: [PATCH][next] ms_block: remove unused pointer 'set'
      1  Re: [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: Fix remaining pointers to obsolete


Jeremy_Kerr/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] Documentation: fix spelling mistake, EACCESS -> EACCES


Jerome_Brunet/
=============
      1  [PATCH] clk: meson: axg: mark fdiv2 and fdiv3 as critical
      1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: meson-axg: add secure monitor
      1  [PATCH RESEND] arm64: dts: meson-axg: fix dtc warning about unit address
      1  [PATCH 4/4] arm64: dts: meson-axg: enable SCPI
      1  [PATCH 4/4] ARM: dts: meson: consistently disable pin bias
      1  [PATCH 3/4] arm64: dts: meson: consistently disable pin bias
      1  [PATCH 3/4] Documentation: bindings: Add missing Amlogic SCPI sensor bindings
      1  [PATCH 2/4] arm64: dts: meson: disable pad bias for mmc pinmuxes
      1  [PATCH 2/4] arm64: dts: meson-axg: correct sram shared mem unit-address
      1  [PATCH 1/4] arm64: dts: meson: remove extra subnode in mmc clk_gate pinmux
      1  [PATCH 1/4] arm64: dts: meson-axg: fix mailbox address
      1  [PATCH 0/4] ARM: dts: meson: set pinmux bias
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 0/2] clk: meson-g12a: Add EE clock controller driver
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] ARM64: dts: meson-gxl: Add support for the


Joerg_Roedel/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH] iommu/ipmmu-vmsa: Fix crash on early domain free
      2  Re: [PATCH v2] iommu/vt-d: respect max guest address width in agaw
      1  Re: linux-next: build warning after merge of the iommu tree
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: iommu: ipmmu-vmsa: Add r8a774a1 support
      1  Re: [PATCH -next] iommu/amd: remove set but not used variable 'tag'
      1  Re: [PATCH -next] iommu/amd: Add missed 'tag' to error msg in


John_Garry/
=============
      2  [PATCH v2] of, numa: Validate some distance map rules
      1  Re: [PATCH] of, numa: Validate some distance map rules
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] of, numa: Validate some distance map rules
      1  Re: Crash report: Broken NUMA distance map causes crash on arm64


Jonathan_Derrick/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] PCI/MSI: Don't touch MSI bits when the PCI device is


Josh_Poimboeuf/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] objtool: fix .cold. functions parent symbols search
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces


Juergen_Gross/
=============
      3  Re: [Xen-devel] Guest soft lockups with "xen: make xen_qlock_wait()
      2  [PATCH] xen: fix xen_qlock_wait()
      1  [PATCH v2] x86/xen: fix pv boot
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 05/19] xen: add some dummy headers for


Junwei_Zhang/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH -next] drm/ttm: remove set but not used variable 'driver'


KVM_VIRT_Paolo_Bonzini/
=============
      1  Re: [Qemu-devel] [QEMU PATCH v2 0/2]: KVM: i386: Add support for save
      1  Re: [PATCH 17/23] x86/fpu: Eager switch PKRU state


Laurent_Pinchart/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] [media] uvcvideo: Refactor teardown of uvc on USB disconnect


Lino_Sanfilippo/
=============
      1  Aw: [PATCH] staging: net: ipv4: tcp_westwood: fixed warnings and


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] hwmon fixes for v4.20-rc2
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] HID fixes
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] ARM: SoC fixes


Logan_Gunthorpe/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v9 02/10] Makefile: Prepare for using macros for inline
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm/sparse: add common helper to mark all memblocks
      1  [PATCH v2 2/2] mm/sparse: add common helper to mark all memblocks present
      1  [PATCH v2 1/2] mm: Introduce common STRUCT_PAGE_MAX_SHIFT define
      1  [PATCH v2 0/2] Introduce common code for risc-v sparsemem support
      1  [PATCH 2/2] mm/sparse: add common helper to mark all memblocks present
      1  [PATCH 1/2] mm: Introduce common STRUCT_PAGE_MAX_SHIFT define
      1  [PATCH 0/2] Introduce common code for risc-v sparsemem support


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v2] Document /proc/pid PID reuse behavior
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH 4/5] mm, memory_hotplug: print reason for the
      2  Re: [PATCH v3 4/4] mm: Remove managed_page_count spinlock
      1  [RFC PATCH] mm, memory_hotplug: do not clear numa_node association after hot_remove
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH] mm, memory_hotplug: do not clear numa_node
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v2 0/3] oom: rework oom_reaper vs. exit_mmap handoff
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 5/5] mm, memory_hotplug: be more verbose for memory
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/4] mm: convert zone->managed_pages to atomic variable


Marc_Gonzalez/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 7/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop CRYPTO_DEV_FSL_DPAA2_CAAM
      1  [PATCH] arm64: defconfig: enable DPAA2 fsl-mc bus and DPIO
      1  [PATCH v2 9/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop redundant sound codec options
      1  [PATCH v2 8/9] arm64: defconfig: Change SCSI_UFS_HISI=m
      1  [PATCH v2 7/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop CRYPTO_DEV_FSL_DPAA2_CAAM
      1  [PATCH v2 6/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop redundant SND_SOC_ROCKCHIP_I2S
      1  [PATCH v2 5/9] arm64: defconfig: Replace PINCTRL_MT7622 with
      1  [PATCH v2 4/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop USB_ULPI_BUS and USB_CHIPIDEA_ULPI
      1  [PATCH v2 3/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop NF_CONNTRACK_IPV{4,6}
      1  [PATCH v2 2/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop ARM_BIG_LITTLE_CPUFREQ
      1  [PATCH v2 1/9] arm64: defconfig: Regenerate for v4.20
      1  [PATCH v2 0/9] Regenerate arm64 defconfig for current kernel
      1  [PATCH 9/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop redundant sound codec options
      1  [PATCH 8/9] arm64: defconfig: Change SCSI_UFS_HISI=m
      1  [PATCH 7/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop CRYPTO_DEV_FSL_DPAA2_CAAM
      1  [PATCH 6/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop redundant SND_SOC_ROCKCHIP_I2S
      1  [PATCH 5/9] arm64: defconfig: Replace PINCTRL_MT7622 with
      1  [PATCH 4/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop USB_ULPI_BUS and USB_CHIPIDEA_ULPI
      1  [PATCH 3/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop NF_CONNTRACK_IPV{4,6}
      1  [PATCH 2/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop ARM_BIG_LITTLE_CPUFREQ
      1  [PATCH 1/9] arm64: defconfig: Regenerate for v4.20
      1  [PATCH 0/9] Regenerate arm64 defconfig for current kernel
      1  Re: [PATCH 5/9] arm64: defconfig: Replace PINCTRL_MT7622 with
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop USB_ULPI_BUS and
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop ARM_BIG_LITTLE_CPUFREQ
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] Regenerate arm64 defconfig for current kernel


Marcel_Holtmann/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 15/15] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: bananapi-m64: Add


Marek_Szyprowski/
=============
      1  [PATCH 4/4] extcon: max8997: Avoid forcing UART path on drive probe
      1  [PATCH 3/4] extcon: max14577: Avoid forcing UART path on drive
      1  [PATCH 2/4] extcon: max77693: Avoid forcing UART path on drive
      1  [PATCH 1/4] extcon: max77843: Avoid forcing UART path on drive
      1  [PATCH 0/4] Fix common issue in MAX* extcon drivers


Mark_Brown/
=============
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: core: Invoke pcm_new() for all
      1  Re: [TECH TOPIC] SoC maintainer group
      1  Re: [PATCH v1] PCI: Move Rohm vendor ID to generic list
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 10/11] regulator: core: Use ww_mutex for regulators
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/6] regulator: lochnagar: Move driver to binding from DT
      1  Re: Applied "spi: Add QuadSPI driver for Atmel SAMA5D2" to the spi


Mark_Rutland/
=============
      3  Re: [RFC PATCH] KVM: arm64: don't single-step for non-emulated faults
      1  Re: [RFC 0/2] Add RISC-V cpu topology
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 12/22] kasan, arm64: fix up fault handling logic
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 09/22] kasan: add tag related helper functions
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 08/22] kasan, arm64: untag address in __kimg_to_phys
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 07/22] kasan: initialize shadow to 0xff for tag-based
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 06/22] kasan, arm64: adjust shadow size for tag-based
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 05/22] kasan: add CONFIG_KASAN_GENERIC and
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop NF_CONNTRACK_IPV{4,6}
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop ARM_BIG_LITTLE_CPUFREQ


Masahiro_Yamada/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] builddeb: Fix inclusion of dtbs in debian package
      1  Re: Makefile:611: include/config/auto.conf: No such file or directory


Mathieu_Poirier/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2 4/4] coresight: etm3x: Release CLAIM tag when operated from perf
      1  [PATCH v2 3/4] coresight: etm3x: Deal with CLAIM tag before and after accessing HW
      1  [PATCH v2 2/4] coresight: etf: Release CLAIM tag after disabling the HW
      1  [PATCH v2 0/4] coresight: Fix miscellaneous problems with CLAIM tags


Matthias_Brugger/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] of/device: Add a way to probe drivers by match data


Maxime_Ripard_/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 11/15] Bluetooth: hci_bcm: Add BCM20702A1 variant
      1  Re: [PATCH 15/15] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: bananapi-m64: Add
      1  Re: [PATCH 14/15] ARM: dts: sunxi: Enable Broadcom-based Bluetooth


Michael_Ellerman/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 07/18] of: dynamic: change type of of_{at,de}tach_node() to void
      1  Re: Git pull ack emails..


Michael_Kerrisk/
=============
      1  Cgroups v2 bug: incorrect reporting in "domain threaded" cgroup.procs


Michael_S_Tsirkin/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH net-next v2 3/5] virtio_ring: add packed ring support
      1  Re: virtio-balloon: VIRTIO_BALLOON_F_PAGE_POISON discussion


Michal_Simek/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] microblaze: generate uapi header and system call
      1  [PATCH] dt-bindings: arm: Add missing Xilinx boards
      1  [PATCH] arm64: dts: Add missing gpio-controller to ps gpio
      1  Re: [PATCH] pinctrl: zynq: Use define directive for
      1  Re: [PATCH 35/36] dt-bindings: arm: Convert Xilinx board/soc bindings
      1  Re: [PATCH 12/36] dt-bindings: arm: Convert cpu binding to


Miguel_Ojeda_Sandonis/
=============
      1  [GIT PULL] Compiler Attributes for v4.20-rc2


Nadav_Amit/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v9 02/10] Makefile: Prepare for using macros for inline
      2  Re: [PATCH v9 02/10] Makefile: Prepare for using macros for inli=
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/jump_label: Use text_poke_early() during =
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/jump_label: Use text_poke_early() during


Neil_Armstrong/
=============
      1  [PATCH] media: cxd2880-spi: fix probe when dvb_attach fails
      1  [PATCH RESEND] arm64: dts: meson-gx: Add hdmi_5v regulator as hdmi tx supply
      1  [PATCH 2/2] media: sony-cxd2880: add optional vcc regulator to bindings
      1  [PATCH 1/2] media: cxd2880-spi: Add optional vcc regulator
      1  [PATCH 0/2] sony-cxd2880: add optional vcc regulator
      1  Re: [PATCH] clk: meson: axg: mark fdiv2 and fdiv3 as critical
      1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: meson-axg: add secure monitor
      1  Re: [PATCH RESEND] arm64: dts: meson-axg: fix dtc warning about unit


Nishanth_Menon/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: k3-am65-wakeup: Fix wakeup_uart reg address


Oleg_Nesterov/
=============
      3  Re: [RFC PATCH] ptrace: add PTRACE_GET_SYSCALL_INFO request
      1  Re: [PATCH] freezer: fix freeze timeout on exec


P1_devicetree/
=============
      2  RE: [PATCH] ARM: dts: imx7d-sdb: add rev-a board support
      1  [PATCH v6 3/3] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: enable sound on Pinebook
      1  [PATCH v6 2/3] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: enable sound on Pine64 and SoPine
      1  [PATCH v6 1/3] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: add nodes necessary for analog sound support
      1  [PATCH v6 0/3] Add support for audiocodec in Allwinner A64
      1  [PATCH RESEND v3 2/2] dt-bindings/interrupt-controller: pdc: fix example to match actual bindings
      1  [PATCH RESEND v3 1/2] arm64: dts: msm: add PDC device bindings for sdm845
      1  Re: [PATCH v7 4/5] clocksource: add driver for i.MX EPIT timer
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 2/3] arm64: dts: allwinner: a64: enable sound on Pine64
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] of, numa: Validate some distance map rules
      1  Re: [PATCH anybus v3 6/6] misc: support HMS Profinet IRT industrial controller
      1  Re: [PATCH anybus v3 5/6] dt-bindings: anybuss-host: document
      1  Re: [PATCH anybus v3 4/6] bus: support HMS Anybus-S bus
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 2/3] dt-bindings: mmc: sdhci-msm: Add entries for


P1_kvm/
=============
      3  Re: [Qemu-devel] [QEMU PATCH v2 0/2]: KVM: i386: Add support for save
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH v4 01/13] ktask: add documentation
      2  Re: [PATCH] KVM: nVMX/nSVM: Fix bug which sets vcpu->arch.tsc_offset
      2  Re: [PATCH kvm-unit-tests] x86: nVMX: Test of IA32_TSC on VM-exit
      1  [PATCH] x86/kvm/vmx: fix old-style function declaration
      1  [PATCH] KVM: x86: fix empty-body warnings
      1  [PATCH] KVM: x86: Fix kernel info-leak in KVM_HC_CLOCK_PAIRING hypercall
      1  [PATCH v4] x86: load FPU registers on return to userland
      1  [PATCH v2 2/2] KVM: x86: Trace changes to active TSC offset regardless if vCPU in guest-mode
      1  [PATCH v2 1/2] KVM: nVMX/nSVM: Fix bug which sets vcpu->arch.tsc_offset to L1 tsc_offset
      1  [PATCH v15 10/10] target-arm: kvm64: handle SIGBUS signal from kernel or KVM
      1  [PATCH v15 09/10] hw/arm/virt: Add RAS platform version for migration
      1  [PATCH v15 08/10] target-arm: kvm64: inject synchronous External Abort
      1  [PATCH v15 07/10] KVM: Move related hwpoison page functions to accel/kvm/ folder
      1  [PATCH v15 06/10] docs: APEI GHES generation and CPER record description
      1  [PATCH v15 05/10] ACPI: Add APEI GHES table generation and CPER record support
      1  [PATCH v15 04/10] acpi: add build_append_ghes_generic_status() helper for Generic Error Status Block
      1  [PATCH v15 03/10] acpi: add build_append_ghes_generic_data() helper for Generic Error Data Entry
      1  [PATCH v15 02/10] acpi: add build_append_ghes_notify() helper for Hardware Error Notification
      1  [PATCH v15 01/10] ACPI: add some GHES structures and macros definition
      1  [PATCH v15 00/10] Add ARMv8 RAS virtualization support in QEMU
      1  [PATCH kvm-unit-tests] x86: nVMX: Test of IA32_TSC on VM-exit
      1  [PATCH RESEND v15 10/10] target-arm: kvm64: handle SIGBUS signal from kernel or KVM
      1  [PATCH RESEND v15 09/10] hw/arm/virt: Add RAS platform version for migration
      1  [PATCH RESEND v15 08/10] target-arm: kvm64: inject synchronous External Abort
      1  [PATCH RESEND v15 07/10] KVM: Move related hwpoison page functions to accel/kvm/ folder
      1  [PATCH RESEND v15 06/10] docs: APEI GHES generation and CPER record description
      1  [PATCH RESEND v15 05/10] ACPI: Add APEI GHES table generation and CPER record support
      1  [PATCH RESEND v15 04/10] acpi: add build_append_ghes_generic_status() helper for Generic Error Status Block
      1  [PATCH RESEND v15 03/10] acpi: add build_append_ghes_generic_data() helper for Generic Error Data Entry
      1  [PATCH RESEND v15 02/10] acpi: add build_append_ghes_notify() helper for Hardware Error Notification
      1  [PATCH RESEND v15 01/10] ACPI: add some GHES structures and macros definition
      1  [PATCH RESEND v15 00/10] Add ARMv8 RAS virtualization support in QEMU
      1  [PATCH 23/23] x86/fpu: Defer FPU state load until return to userspace
      1  [PATCH 22/23] x86/fpu: Don't restore the FPU state directly from userland in __fpu__restore_sig()
      1  [PATCH 21/23] x86/fpu: Update xstate's PKRU value on write_pkru()
      1  [PATCH 20/23] x86/fpu: Prepare copy_fpstate_to_sigframe() for TIF_NEED_FPU_LOAD
      1  [PATCH 19/23] x86/fpu: Always store the registers in copy_fpstate_to_sigframe()
      1  [PATCH 18/23] x86/entry: Add TIF_NEED_FPU_LOAD
      1  [PATCH 17/23] x86/fpu: Eager switch PKRU state
      1  [PATCH 16/23] x86/pkeys: Don't check if PKRU is zero before writting it
      1  [PATCH 15/23] x86/fpu: Only write PKRU if it is different from current
      1  [PATCH 14/23] x86/pkeys: Make init_pkru_value static
      1  [PATCH 13/23] x86/fpu: Make get_xsave_field_ptr() and get_xsave_addr() use feature number instead of mask
      1  [PATCH 12/23] x86/fpu: Make __raw_xsave_addr() use feature number instead of mask
      1  [PATCH 11/23] x86/fpu: Add (__)make_fpregs_active helpers
      1  [PATCH 10/23] x86/entry: Remove _TIF_ALLWORK_MASK
      1  [PATCH 09/23] x86/fpu: Remove user_fpu_begin()
      1  [PATCH 08/23] x86/fpu: Remove fpu->initialized
      1  [PATCH 07/23] x86/fpu: Remove fpu->initialized usage in copy_fpstate_to_sigframe()
      1  [PATCH 06/23] x86/fpu: Always init the `state' in fpu__clear()
      1  [PATCH 05/23] x86/fpu: Remove preempt_disable() in fpu__clear()
      1  [PATCH 04/23] x86/entry/32: Remove asm/math_emu.h include
      1  [PATCH 03/23] x86/fpu: Remove fpu__restore()
      1  [PATCH 02/23] x86/fpu: Remove fpu->initialized usage in __fpu__restore_sig()
      1  [PATCH 01/23] x86/fpu: Use ULL for shift in xfeature_uncompacted_offset()
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v4 00/13] ktask: multithread CPU-intensive kernel work
      1  Re: [PATCH] KVM/VMX: Check ept_pointer before flushing ept tlb
      1  Re: [PATCH 23/23] x86/fpu: Defer FPU state load until return to
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] VSOCK: support fill data to mergeable rx buffer in
      1  Re: KMSAN: kernel-infoleak in kvm_write_guest_page
      1  KMSAN: kernel-infoleak in kvm_write_guest_page


P1_linux-mm/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH v6 1/3] printk: Add line-buffered printk() API.
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH 5/5] mm, memory_hotplug: be more verbose for memory
      2  Re: [PATCH] z3fold: fix wrong handling of headless pages
      2  Re: [PATCH v3 4/4] mm: Remove managed_page_count spinlock
      2  Re: [PATCH 3/3] lockdep: Use line-buffered printk() for lockdep
      2  Re: Creating compressed backing_store as swapfile
      1  [PATCH] mm:vmalloc add vm_struct for vm_map_ram
      1  [PATCH v3 4/4] mm: Remove managed_page_count spinlock
      1  [PATCH v3 3/4] mm: convert totalram_pages and totalhigh_pages variables to atomic
      1  [PATCH v3 2/4] mm: convert zone->managed_pages to atomic variable
      1  [PATCH v3 1/4] mm: reference totalram_pages and managed_pages once per function
      1  [PATCH v3 0/4] mm: convert totalram_pages, totalhigh_pages and managed pages to atomic
      1  [PATCH 5/5] mm: Target compaction on pageblocks that were recently fragmented
      1  [PATCH 4/5] mm: Stall movable allocations until kswapd progresses during serious external fragmentation event
      1  [PATCH 4/4] mm: Stall movable allocations until kswapd progresses during serious external fragmentation event
      1  [PATCH 3/5] mm: Reclaim small amounts of memory when an external fragmentation event occurs
      1  [PATCH 3/4] mm: Reclaim small amounts of memory when an external fragmentation event occurs
      1  [PATCH 2/5] mm: Move zone watermark accesses behind an accessor
      1  [PATCH 2/4] mm: Move zone watermark accesses behind an accessor
      1  [PATCH 2/2] mm: ksm: do not block on page lock when searching stable tree
      1  [PATCH 1/5] mm, page_alloc: Spread allocations across zones before introducing fragmentation
      1  [PATCH 1/4] mm, page_alloc: Spread allocations across zones before introducing fragmentation
      1  [PATCH 1/2] mm: vmscan: skip KSM page in direct reclaim if priority is low
      1  [PATCH 0/5] Fragmentation avoidance improvements v2
      1  [PATCH 0/4] Fragmentation avoidance improvements v3
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 4/5] mm, memory_hotplug: print reason for the
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/4] mm: reference totalram_pages and managed_pages
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/4] mm: convert totalram_pages and totalhigh_pages
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 5/5] arm64/mm: Enable HugeTLB migration for contiguous
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 4/5] arm64/mm: Enable HugeTLB migration
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 3/5] mm/hugetlb: Enable arch specific huge page size
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 2/5] mm/hugetlb: Enable PUD level huge page migration
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 1/5] mm/hugetlb: Distinguish between migratability and


P1_netdev/
=============
      2  Re: net: ipv4: tcp_westwood: fixed warnings and checks
      2  Re: [RFC perf,bpf 5/5] perf util: generate bpf_prog_info_event for
      1  [Patch net] net: hns3: bugfix for not checking return value
      1  [PATCH][net-hns3-next] net: hns3: fix spelling mistake, "assertting" -> "asserting"
      1  [PATCH] staging: net: ipv4: tcp_westwood: fixed warnings and checks
      1  [PATCH] staging: net: ipv4: tcp_vegas: fixed checks and warnings
      1  [PATCH net-next] net: bcmgenet: return correct value 'ret' from bcmgenet_power_down
      1  WARNING in rollback_registered_many (2)
      1  Re: [RFC perf,bpf 1/5] perf, bpf: Introduce PERF_RECORD_BPF_EVENT
      1  Re: [PATCH net-next] tcp: minor optimization in tcp ack fast path processing
      1  Re: [PATCH net-next] inet: minor optimization for backlog setting in


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC] hist lookups
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] perf-bench: Add epoll parallel epoll_wait benchmark


Palmer_Dabbelt/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] riscv: add asm/unistd.h UAPI header


Paul_Durrant/
=============
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [Qemu-devel] xen_disk qdevification


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
      2  Re: [patch 2/2] Documentation/process: Add tip tree handbook
      1  Re: [LKP] [EXP rcu] 258ba8e089:
      1  Re: Question on comment header for for_each_domain()
      1  Question on comment header for for_each_domain()


Peter_Huewe/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 4/6] tpm: modify tpm_pcr_read() definition to pass a TPM hash algorithm


Peter_Rosin/
=============
      1  [REGRESSION PATCH] fbdev: fbmem: behave better with small rotated


Peter_Ujfalusi/
=============
      1  [RFC 8/9] ARM: davinci_all_defconfig: Update the audio options


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] sched/rt: Introduce prio_{higher,lower}() helper for
      1  Re: [patch 2/2] Documentation/process: Add tip tree handbook
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 2/2] proc: add /proc/<pid>/thread_state
      1  Re: [PATCH] sched/fair: make some function static
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/jump_label: Use text_poke_early() during
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 00/12] Enable cpuset controller in default hierarchy
      1  Re: Question on comment header for for_each_domain()


Petr_Mladek/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/3] printk: Add line-buffered printk() API.
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] lockdep: Use line-buffered printk() for lockdep


Rafael_J_Wysocki/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC/RFT][PATCH v3] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor for tickless systems


Rich_Felker/
=============
      1  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups


Richard_Weinberger/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] ubifs: Handle re-linking of inodes correctly while recovery
      1  [PATCH 2/2] ubi: Expose the bitrot interface
      1  [PATCH 1/2] ubi: Introduce in_pq()
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] ubi: Expose the bitrot interface


Rob_Herring/
=============
      1  [PATCH] of/pdt: Remove unused of_pdt_build_more function ptr
      1  [PATCH 8/8] sparc: Use device_type helpers to access the node type
      1  [PATCH 7/8] sparc: Remove unused leon_trans_init
      1  [PATCH 6/8] sparc: Use of_node_name_eq for node name comparisons
      1  [PATCH 5/8] sparc: Convert to using %pOFn instead of device_node.name
      1  [PATCH 4/8] sparc: Convert to using %pOF instead of full_name
      1  [PATCH 3/8] sparc: prom: use property "name" directly to construct node names
      1  [PATCH 2/8] of: Drop full path from Sparc PDT full_name
      1  [PATCH 1/8] fs/openpromfs: use full_name instead of path_component_name
      1  [PATCH 0/8] sparc: OF name and device_type rework
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] of, numa: Validate some distance map rules
      1  Re: [PATCH 03/24] leds: dt-bindings: Add LED_FUNCTION definitions


Robert_Richter/
=============
      1  [PATCH 10/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its: Initialize MSIs with
      1  [PATCH 09/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its: Initialize its nodes later
      1  [PATCH 08/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its: Decouple its initialization from
      1  [PATCH 07/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its: Split probing from its node
      1  [PATCH 06/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its: Initialize its nodes in probe order
      1  [PATCH 05/10] fsl-mc/dprc-driver: Remove domain init order
      1  [PATCH 04/10] irqchip/irq-gic-v3-its-fsl-mc-msi: Remove domain init
      1  [PATCH 03/10] irqchip/irq-gic-v3-its-pci-msi: Remove domain init
      1  [PATCH 02/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its-platform-msi: Remove domain init
      1  [PATCH 01/10] irqdomain: Add interface to request an irq domain
      1  [PATCH 00/10] irqdomain, gic-v3-its: Implement late irq domain


Roger_Pau_Monné/
=============
      4  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/7] vpci: fix execution of long running
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4] amd/pvh: enable ACPI C1E disable quirk on
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/amd: don't set pv_post_outb_hook when
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4] amd/pvh: enable ACPI C1E disable quirk
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] mm/page_alloc: make bootscrub happen in


Roger_Quadros/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 14/14] usb:cdns3: Feature for changing role
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 13/14] usb:cdns3: Adds debugging function.


Russell_King/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] phy: core: add PHY_MODE_ETHERNET


Sagi_Grimberg/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] block: respect virtual boundary mask in bvecs


Samuel_Mendoza-Jonas/
=============
      1  [PATCH net-next v3 6/6] net/ncsi: Configure multi-package, multi-channel modes with failover
      1  [PATCH net-next v3 5/6] net/ncsi: Reset channel state in ncsi_start_dev()
      1  [PATCH net-next v3 4/6] net/ncsi: Don't mark configured channels inactive
      1  [PATCH net-next v3 3/6] net/ncsi: Don't deselect package in suspend if active
      1  [PATCH net-next v3 2/6] net/ncsi: Probe single packages to avoid conflict
      1  [PATCH net-next v3 1/6] net/ncsi: Don't enable all channels when HWA available
      1  [PATCH net-next v3 0/6] net/ncsi: Allow enabling multiple packages & channels


Samuel_Ortiz/
=============
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 05/24] hw: acpi: Implement XSDT support


Sergey_Senozhatsky/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] lockdep: Use line-buffered printk() for lockdep


Shawn_Guo/
=============
      1  [PATCH 2/2] phy: qualcomm: Add Synopsys High-Speed USB PHY driver
      1  [PATCH 1/2] dt-bindings: phy: Add Qualcomm Synopsys High-Speed USB PHY binding
      1  [PATCH 0/2] Add Synopsys High-Speed USB PHY driver for Qualcomm SoCs


Shuah_Khan/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC v2 01/14] kunit: test: add KUnit test runner core


Simon_Horman/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 4/6] dt-bindings: dmaengine: usb-dmac: Add binding for
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: iommu: ipmmu-vmsa: Add r8a774a1 support
      1  [PATCH] dmaengine: rcar-dmac: Document R8A774A1 bindings
      1  [PATCH v2 2/3] dt-bindings: can: rcar_can: Add r8a774a1 support
      1  [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: iommu: ipmmu-vmsa: Add r8a774a1 support
      1  Re: [PATCH] serial: sh-sci: Document r8a774a1 bindings
      1  Re: [PATCH] dmaengine: rcar-dmac: Document R8A774A1 bindings
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] dt-bindings: can: rcar_can: Add r8a774a1 support


Srinivas_Kandagatla/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] ASoC: qcom: Set dai_link id to each dai_link


Srinivas_Pandruvada/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 2/4] x86/amd_nb: add support for newer PCI topologies


Stanimir_Varbanov/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 5/5] media: venus: update number of bytes used field


Stefan_Agner/
=============
      1  [PATCH] remove unneeded naked function usage
      1  [PATCH] ARM: remove naked function usage
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input operands


Stefan_Wahren/
=============
      1  [PATCH net-next] net: qca_spi: Add available buffer space verification
      1  Re: [PATCH] thermal: bcm2835: enable hwmon explicitly


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v9 3/5] clk: imx: add SCCG PLL type
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] clk: qoriq: add more chips support
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] of/device: Add a way to probe drivers by match data
      1  RE: [PATCH v3] clk: qoriq: add more chips support


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] kernel/time/posix-cpu-timers: Remove useless call to


Sudeep_Holla/
=============
      1  [RFC PATCH] Documentation: DT: arm: add support for sockets defining package boundaries
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop ARM_BIG_LITTLE_CPUFREQ
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/9] Regenerate arm64 defconfig for current kernel


TOMOYO_SECURITY_Tetsuo_Handa/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 1/3] printk: Add line-buffered printk() API.
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] lockdep: Use line-buffered printk() for lockdep


Tejun_Heo/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 00/12] Enable cpuset controller in default hierarchy


Tero_Kristo/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] arm: omap_hwmod disable ick autoidling when a hwmod
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] clk: ti: add a usecount for autoidle


Theodore_Tso/
=============
      3  Re: [TECH TOPIC] SoC maintainer group
      1  Re: [QUESTION] Microsoft, WSL, and the Linux trademark
      1  Re: [PATCH] ext4: missing !bh check in ext4_xattr_inode_write()
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] ext4: missing !bh check in ext4_xattr_inode_write()
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] ext4: lost brelse in __ext4_read_dirblock()
      1  Re: [PATCH 7/7] ext4: lost brelse in ext4_expand_extra_isize_ea()
      1  Re: [PATCH 6/7] ext4: lost brelse in ext4_xattr_move_to_block()
      1  Re: [PATCH 5/7] ext4: bs.bh cleanup before re-using in
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/7] ext4: lost brelse in ext4_xattr_get_block()
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] drivers/char/random.c: make primary_crng static
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] drivers/char/random.c: remove unused stuct
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] drivers/char/random.c: constify poolinfo_table


Thierry_Reding/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 4/4] thermal: tegra: fix coverity defect
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 3/4] thermal: tegra: fix memory allocation
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 2/4] thermal: tegra: remove unnecessary warnings
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/4] thermal: tegra: continue if sensor register fails
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] pwm: kconfig: enable kona pwm to be built for cygnus


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
      2  Re: [patch 0/2] Documentation/process: Add subsystem/tree handbook
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm/sparse: add common helper to mark all memblocks
      1  subsys/component: Make reservation_count() static
      1  subsys/component: Make reservation_count static
      1  [patch 2/2] Documentation/process: Add tip tree handbook
      1  [patch 1/2] Documentation/process: Add maintainer handbooks section
      1  [patch 0/2] Documentation/process: Add subsystem/tree handbook
      1  [PATCH V2] sub/sys: Condensed patch summary
      1  [PATCH V2 M/N] sub/sys: Condensed patch summary
      1  Re: [patch 2/2] Documentation/process: Add tip tree handbook
      1  Re: [Patch v4 17/18] x86/speculation: Update SPEC_CTRL MSRs of remote
      1  Re: [Patch v4 07/18] x86/smt: Convert cpu_smt_control check to
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] x86/cpu: fix prototype warning
      1  Re: [PATCH stable 4.9] posix-timers: Sanitize overrun handling
      1  RE: [tip:irq/core] genirq/matrix: Improve target CPU selection for


Tony_Lindgren/
=============
      1  [PATCH] ARM: dts: Add missing earlycon UART for Beagleboard
      1  Re: [RFC 0/9] ASoC/ARM: Merge the davinci and omap audio directories
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] MAINTAINERS: Add entry for i2c-omap driver
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] ARM: SoC fixes


Uwe_Kleine-König/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] scripts/spdxcheck: make python3 compliant
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] pwm: bcm-kona: apply pwm settings on enable
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] pwm: kconfig: enable kona pwm to be built for cygnus


Viresh_Kumar/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] cpufreq: s3c24xx: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop ARM_BIG_LITTLE_CPUFREQ
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] opp: ti-opp-supply: Dynamically update u_volt_min
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] opp: ti-opp-supply: Fixes


Wei_Liu/
=============
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4] amd/pvh: enable ACPI C1E disable quirk
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 3/7] x86: make PV hypercall entry points
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/amd: don't set pv_post_outb_hook when
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/amd: don't set pv_post_outb_hook when
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3] mm/page_alloc: make bootscrub happen in


Wolfram_Sang/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] MAINTAINERS: Add entry for i2c-omap driver


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/4] x86/amd_nb: add support for newer PCI topologies
      1  [PATCH 16/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Update copyright
      1  [PATCH 15/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Check the equivalence table size when scanning it
      1  [PATCH 14/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Convert CPU equivalence table variable into a struct
      1  [PATCH 13/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Check microcode container data in the late loader
      1  [PATCH 12/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Fix container size's type
      1  [PATCH 11/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Convert early parser to the new verification routines
      1  [PATCH 10/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Change verify_patch()'s return value
      1  [PATCH 09/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Move chipset-specific check into verify_patch()
      1  [PATCH 08/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Move patch family check to verify_patch()
      1  [PATCH 07/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Simplify patch family detection
      1  [PATCH 06/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Concentrate patch verification
      1  [PATCH 05/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Cleanup verify_patch_size() more
      1  [PATCH 04/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Clean up per-family patch size checks
      1  [PATCH 03/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Move verify_patch_size() up in the file
      1  [PATCH 02/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Add microcode container verification
      1  [PATCH 01/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Subtract SECTION_HDR_SIZE from file leftover length
      1  [PATCH 00/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Improve container verification
      1  Re: [PATCH] EDAC, skx: Better fix for randconfig builds
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 0/3] x86/boot/KASLR: Parse ACPI table and limit kaslr
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 -next] edac: i82975x: remove set but not used variable


alsa-devel/
=============
      1  [PATCH] ASoC: qcom: Set dai_link id to each dai_link
      1  [PATCH 2/2] ASoC: dt-bindings: add bindings for AK4118 transceiver
      1  [PATCH 1/2] ASoC: ak4118: Add support for AK4118 S/PDIF transceiver


amd-gfx/
=============
      1  [PATCH -next] drm/radeon: remove set but not used variable 'rdev'
      1  Re: radeon vs radeonfb Mobility quirks (Thinkpad X32)


ath10k/
=============
      1  [PATCH 4.20] ath10k: don't assume 'vif' is non-NULL in flush()


atmel_ecc_Tudor_Ambarus/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH 3/7] mtd: spi-nor: add restriction for nmaps in smpt
      1  [PATCH 7/7] mtd: spi-nor: remove unneeded smpt zeroization
      1  [PATCH 6/7] mtd: spi-nor: ensure memory used for nor->read() is DMA
      1  [PATCH 5/7] mtd: spi_nor: pass DMA-able buffer to spi_nor_read_raw()
      1  [PATCH 4/7] mtd: spi-nor: don't overwrite errno in
      1  [PATCH 3/7] mtd: spi-nor: add restriction for nmaps in smpt parser
      1  [PATCH 2/7] mtd: spi-nor: fix iteration over smpt array
      1  [PATCH 1/7] mtd: spi-nor: don't drop sfdp data if optional parsers
      1  [PATCH 0/7] mtd: spi-nor: fixes found when debugging smpt


bcm-kernel-feedback-list/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] pwm: bcm-kona: apply pwm settings on enable
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] pwm: kconfig: enable kona pwm to be built for cygnus arch
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] pwm: kconfig: enable kona pwm to be built for cygnus


cgroups/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v5 3/5] cgroup/cpuset: make callback_lock raw
      1  [PATCH v5 4/5] sched/core: Prevent race condition between cpuset and
      1  [PATCH v15 12/12] cpuset: Expose cpuset.cpus.subpartitions with cgroup_debug
      1  [PATCH v15 11/12] cpuset: Add documentation about the new "cpuset.sched.partition" flag
      1  [PATCH v15 10/12] cpuset: Use descriptive text when reading/writing cpuset.sched.partition
      1  [PATCH v15 09/12] cpuset: Expose cpus.effective and mems.effective on cgroup v2 root
      1  [PATCH v15 08/12] cpuset: Make generate_sched_domains() work with partition
      1  [PATCH v15 07/12] cpuset: Make CPU hotplug work with partition
      1  [PATCH v15 06/12] cpuset: Track cpusets that use parent's effective_cpus
      1  [PATCH v15 05/12] cpuset: Add an error state to cpuset.sched.partition
      1  [PATCH v15 04/12] cpuset: Add new v2 cpuset.sched.partition flag
      1  [PATCH v15 03/12] cpuset: Simply allocation and freeing of cpumasks
      1  [PATCH v15 02/12] cpuset: Define data structures to support scheduling partition
      1  [PATCH v15 01/12] cpuset: Enable cpuset controller in default hierarchy
      1  [PATCH v15 00/12] Enable cpuset controller in default hierarchy
      1  Re: [PATCH] cpuset: remove set but not used variable 'cs'
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 4/5] sched/core: Prevent race condition between cpuset
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 10/12] cpuset: Add documentation about the new
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 05/12] cpuset: Add an error state to
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 00/12] Enable cpuset controller in default hierarchy


dmaengine/
=============
      3  RE: [PATCH 4/6] dt-bindings: dmaengine: usb-dmac: Add binding for
      2  [PATCH] dmaengine: rcar-dmac: Document R8A774A1 bindings
      2  [PATCH 4/6] dt-bindings: dmaengine: usb-dmac: Add binding for r8=
      2  RE: [PATCH] dmaengine: rcar-dmac: Document R8A774A1 bindings
      1  Re: [PATCH] dmaengine: rcar-dmac: Document R8A774A1 bindings
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] dt-bindings: dmaengine: usb-dmac: Add binding fo=


dri-devel/
=============
      1  [PATCH v3 6/8] drm/panel: simple: Add support for the LeMaker BL035-RGB-002 3.5" LCD
      1  [PATCH v3 5/8] dt-bindings: Add bindings for the LeMaker BL035-RGB-002 LCD panel
      1  [PATCH v3 4/8] dt-bindings: Add vendor prefix for LeMaker
      1  [PATCH v3 3/8] drm/sun4i: tcon: Support an active-low DE signal with RGB interface
      1  [PATCH v3 2/8] drm/sun4i: tcon: Get the connector from the encoder in RGB setup
      1  [PATCH v3 1/8] drm/sun4i: tcon: Pass encoder to RGB setup function
      1  [PATCH NOT FOR MERGE v3 8/8] ARM: dts: sun7i-a20-bananapi: Add bindings for the LeMaker 3.5" LCD
      1  [PATCH NOT FOR MERGE v3 7/8] ARM: dts: sun7i: Add pinmux configuration for LCD0 RGB888 pins
      1  [PATCH -next] drm/ttm: remove set but not used variable 'driver'
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 5/5] drm/i915: Add short HPD IRQ storm detection for
      1  Re: Performance regression in ast drm driver
      1  RE: [PATCH v6 5/6] drm/bridge: add support for MST in mhdp8546 driver


embeddedor_com/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 4/6] usb: ohci-platform: Add support for Broadcom STB


inbox/
=============
      1  Architecture & Design Special Report
      1  =?UTF-8?Q?@liker1213?=


intel-wired-lan/
=============
      1  [PATCH] e1000e: Change watchdog task to be delayed work
      1  RE: [PATCH] e1000e: Change watchdog task to be delayed work


iommu/
=============
      6  Re: [PATCH v4 04/12] iommu/vt-d: Add 256-bit invalidation descriptor
      4  RE: [PATCH v4 04/12] iommu/vt-d: Add 256-bit invalidation
      2  RE: [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: iommu: ipmmu-vmsa: Add r8a774a1 support
      1  [PATCH v4 08/12] iommu/vt-d: Pass pasid table to context mapping
      1  [PATCH v4 05/12] iommu/vt-d: Reserve a domain id for FL and PT modes
      1  [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: iommu: ipmmu-vmsa: Add r8a774a1 support
      1  [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: iommu: ipmmu-vmsa: Add r8a774a1 sup=
      1  [PATCH -next] iommu/amd: remove set but not used variable 'tag'
      1  [PATCH -next] iommu/amd: Add missed 'tag' to error msg in iommu_print_event
      1  Re: [PATCH] iommu/ipmmu-vmsa: Fix crash on early domain free
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 08/12] iommu/vt-d: Pass pasid table to context mapping
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 06/12] iommu/vt-d: Add second level page table
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 05/12] iommu/vt-d: Reserve a domain id for FL and PT
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 04/12] iommu/vt-d: Add 256-bit invalidation
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] dt-bindings: iommu: ipmmu-vmsa: Add r8a774a1 sup=
      1  Re: [PATCH -next] iommu/amd: remove set but not used variable 'tag'
      1  RE: [PATCH v4 06/12] iommu/vt-d: Add second level page table


kbuild-all/
=============
      1  [PATCH] soc: qcom: fix semicolon.cocci warnings


kernel-janitors/
=============
      1  [PATCH][next] ms_block: remove unused pointer 'set'
      1  [PATCH][i3c-next] i3c: fix incorrect update to max_read_ds
      1  [PATCH -next] ufs: remove set but not used variable 'usb3'
      1  Re: [PATCH][i3c-next] i3c: fix incorrect update to max_read_ds


kgdb-bugreport/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/4] kdb: Don't back trace on a cpu that didn't round up
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/4] kgdb: Don't round up a CPU that failed rounding up before


kvm-arm/
=============
      6  Re: [RFC PATCH] KVM: arm64: don't single-step for non-emulated faults
      1  [Resend PATCH V5 9/10] KVM/MMU: Flush tlb directly in the kvm_set_pte_rmapp()
      1  [Resend PATCH V5 8/10] KVM/MMU: Move tlb flush in kvm_set_pte_rmapp() to kvm_mmu_notifier_change_pte()
      1  [Resend PATCH V5 10/10] KVM/MMU: Flush tlb directly in the kvm_zap_gfn_range()
      1  [RFC PATCH] KVM: arm64: don't single-step for non-emulated faults
      1  [PATCH] arm/mach-sa1100/hackkit.c: Remove duplicate header
      1  [PATCH V5 9/10] KVM/MMU: Flush tlb directly in the kvm_set_pte_rmapp()
      1  [PATCH V5 8/10] KVM/MMU: Move tlb flush in kvm_set_pte_rmapp() to kvm_mmu_notifier_change_pte()
      1  [PATCH V5 10/10] KVM/MMU: Flush tlb directly in the kvm_zap_gfn_range()
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 06/10] ARM: defconfig: Use the new FSL QSPI driver
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input operands


kvm-ppc/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH kernel 2/3] vfio_pci: Allow regions to add own
      1  [Resend PATCH V5 7/10] KVM: Make kvm_set_spte_hva() return int
      1  [Resend PATCH V5 6/10] KVM: Replace old tlb flush function with new one to flush a specified range.
      1  [Resend PATCH V5 5/10] KVM/MMU: Add tlb flush with range helper function
      1  [Resend PATCH V5 4/10] KVM/VMX: Add hv tlb range flush support
      1  [Resend PATCH V5 3/10] x86/Hyper-v: Add trace in the hyperv_nested_flush_guest_mapping_range()
      1  [Resend PATCH V5 2/10] x86/hyper-v: Add HvFlushGuestAddressList hypercall support
      1  [Resend PATCH V5 1/10] KVM: Add tlb_remote_flush_with_range callback in kvm_x86_ops
      1  [PATCH V5 4/10] KVM/VMX: Add hv tlb range flush support
      1  [PATCH V5 00/10] x86/KVM/Hyper-v: Add HV ept tlb range flush hypercall support in KVM
      1  Re: [PATCH kernel 1/3] vfio_pci: Allow mapping extra regions
      1  Re: KVM: PPC: Move and undef TRACE_INCLUDE_PATH/FILE


linux-amlogic/
=============
      1  [PATCH v4 2/2] clk: meson-g12a: Add EE Clock controller driver
      1  [PATCH v4 1/2] dt-bindings: clk: meson-g12a: Add G12A EE Clock Bindings
      1  [PATCH v4 0/2] clk: meson-g12a: Add EE clock controller driver
      1  [PATCH 3/3] ARM64: dts: meson-gxl: Add support for the Smartlabs SML-5442TW
      1  [PATCH 2/3] dt-bindings: arm: amlogic: Add support for the Smartlabs SML-5442TW
      1  [PATCH 1/3] dt-bindings: Add vendor prefix for Smartlabs
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 2/2] mtd: rawnand: meson: add support for Amlogic NAND


linux-arch/
=============
      1  [PATCH v8 8/8] selftests, arm64: add a selftest for passing tagged pointers to kernel
      1  [PATCH v8 7/8] arm64: update Documentation/arm64/tagged-pointers.txt
      1  [PATCH v8 6/8] fs, arm64: untag user address in copy_mount_options
      1  [PATCH v8 5/8] lib, arm64: untag addrs passed to strncpy_from_user and strnlen_user
      1  [PATCH v8 4/8] mm, arm64: untag user addresses in mm/gup.c
      1  [PATCH v8 3/8] arm64: untag user addresses in access_ok and __uaccess_mask_ptr
      1  [PATCH v8 2/8] uaccess: add untagged_addr definition for other arches
      1  [PATCH v8 1/8] arm64: add type casts to untagged_addr macro
      1  [PATCH v8 0/8] arm64: untag user pointers passed to the kernel
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 0/8] arm64: untag user pointers passed to the kernel


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v7 0/7] clocksource: rework Atmel TCB timer driver
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 01/10] irqdomain: Add interface to request
      1  Re: sama5d: using the ebi interface from another driver
      1  Re: [PATCH] arm64/numa: Add more vetting in numa_set_distance()
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] coresight: etm3x: Release CLAIM tag when operated
      1  Re: [PATCH 08/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its: Decouple its initialization
      1  Re: [PATCH 07/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its: Split probing from its node
      1  Re: [PATCH 01/10] irqdomain: Add interface to request an irq domain


linux-aspeed/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] usb: gadget: fix spelling mistakeis "[En]queing" ->
      1  Re: [PATCH] usb: gadget: aspeed-vhub: constify usb_gadget_ops structure
      1  RE: [PATCH] usb: gadget: fix spelling mistakeis "[En]queing" ->


linux-bluetooth/
=============
      1  [PATCH 1/1] Bluetooth: make the balance of judgement condition to fix a false report


linux-can/
=============
      2  RE: [PATCH v2 2/3] dt-bindings: can: rcar_can: Add r8a774a1 support
      1  [PATCH v2 2/3] dt-bindings: can: rcar_can: Add r8a774a1 support
      1  [PATCH v2 2/3] dt-bindings: can: rcar_can: Add r8a774a1 supp=
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/3] dt-bindings: can: rcar_can: Add r8a774a1 supp=


linux-clk/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v9 3/5] clk: imx: add SCCG PLL type
      1  Re: [PATCH v8] clk: qcom: Add lpass clock controller driver for
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] arm: omap_hwmod disable ick autoidling when a hwmod
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/2] mach-omap2: handle autoidle denial
      1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [TECH TOPIC] SoC maintainer group


linux-crypto/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v3 00/15] crypto: Adiantum support
      1  Re: [Qestion] Lots of memory leaks when mounting and unmounting nfs
      1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: fix use_after_free of
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: split user space crypto
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: convert all stats from u32
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: made crypto_user_stat


linux-doc/
=============
      6  Re: [PATCH v2] Document /proc/pid PID reuse behavior
      3  RE: [PATCH v2] Document /proc/pid PID reuse behavior
      1  [PATCH v2 2/2] kernel-doc: extend $type_param to match members referenced by pointer
      1  [PATCH v2 1/2] kernel-doc: kill trailing whitespace
      1  [PATCH v2 0/2] kernel-doc: extend $type_param to match members referenced by pointer
      1  Re: [PATCH] kernel-doc: extend $type_param to match members
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] kernel-doc: extend $type_param to match members


linux-ext4/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] ext4: missing !bh check in ext4_xattr_inode_write()
      1  [PATCH v2] ext4: lost brelse in __ext4_read_dirblock()
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/7] ext4: lost brelse in __ext4_read_dirblock()


linux-fpga/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCHv10 8/8] firmware: add remote status update client support
      1  Re: [PATCHv10 3/8] firmware: add Intel Stratix10 service layer driver


linux-fsdevel/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH] fs/proc: introduce /proc/stat2 file
      2  Re: [PATCH] proc: fix proc-self-map-files selftest for arm
      1  [PATCH v3 resend 2/2] selftests/memfd: Add tests for F_SEAL_FUTURE_WRITE seal
      1  [PATCH v3 resend 1/2] mm: Add an F_SEAL_FUTURE_WRITE seal to memfd
      1  [PATCH v2 5/5] fuse: Verify userspace asks to requeue interrupt
      1  [PATCH v2 4/5] fuse: Do some refactoring in fuse_dev_do_write()
      1  [PATCH v2 3/5] fuse: Wake up req->waitq of only not background
      1  [PATCH v2 2/5] fuse: Optimize request_end() by not taking
      1  [PATCH v2 1/5] fuse: Kill fasync only if interrupt is queued in
      1  [PATCH v2 0/5] fuse: Interrupt-related optimizations and
      1  Re: [PATCH] utimensat: AT_EMPTY_PATH support
      1  Re: [PATCH 6/6] fuse: Verify userspace asks to requeue interrupt that


linux-gpio/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 1/3] i3c: master: Add driver for Synopsys DesignWare IP
      1  [PATCH] gpio: mxc: skip GPIO_IMR restore in noirq resume
      1  [PATCH v3 4/4] pinctrl: mediatek: Add initial pinctrl driver for MT6797 SoC
      1  [PATCH v3 3/4] arm64: dts: mediatek: x20: Add pinmux support for UART1
      1  [PATCH v3 2/4] arm64: dts: mediatek: mt6797: Add pinctrl support
      1  [PATCH v3 1/4] dt-bindings: pinctrl: Add devicetree bindings for MT6797 SoC Pinctrl
      1  [PATCH v3 0/4] Add initial pinctrl support for MT6797 SoC
      1  [PATCH 3/3] ARM: OMAP1: ams-delta: Move AMS_DELTA_LATCH2_NGPIO to the board file
      1  [PATCH 2/3] ARM: OMAP1: ams-delta: Drop unused symbols from the board header
      1  [PATCH 1/3] ARM: OMAP1: ams-delta: Drop board specific global GPIO numbers
      1  [PATCH 0/3] ARN: OMAP1: ams-delta: Post-GPIO-refresh cleanups
      1  Re: [PATCH] pinctrl: zynq: Use define directive for PIN_CONFIG_IO_STANDARD
      1  Re: [PATCH] pinctrl: zynq: Use define directive for
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 1/4] dt-bindings: pinctrl: Add devicetree bindings for
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/1] pinctrl: nuvoton: modify NPCM7xx pin configuration function


linux-hwmon/
=============
      6  Re: [PATCH 2/4] x86/amd_nb: add support for newer PCI topologies
      1  [tip:x86/amd-nb] x86/amd_nb: Add support for newer PCI topologies
      1  [tip:x86/amd-nb] x86/amd_nb: Add PCI device IDs for family 17h,
      1  [tip:x86/amd-nb] hwmon/k10temp: Add support for AMD family 17h,
      1  [tip:x86/amd-nb] hwmon/k10temp, x86/amd_nb: Consolidate shared


linux-i2c/
=============
      1  [PATCH v3 3/3] MAINTAINERS: Add entry for i2c-omap driver
      1  [PATCH v3 2/3] i2c: busses: Kconfig: Enable I2C_OMAP for ARCH_K3
      1  [PATCH v3 1/3] dt-bindings: i2c-omap: Add new compatible for AM654 SoCs
      1  [PATCH v3 0/3] i2c-omap: Enable i2c-omap driver for AM654 SoCs
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/3] MAINTAINERS: Add entry for i2c-omap driver
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] i2c-omap: Enable i2c-omap driver for AM654 SoCs


linux-iio/
=============
      1  [PATCH v7 2/2] iio: light: Add device tree binding for vishay vcnl4035
      1  [PATCH v7 1/2] iio: light: Add support for vishay vcnl4035
      1  [PATCH v6 3/3] iio: magnetometer: Add driver support for PNI RM3100
      1  [PATCH v6 2/3] iio: magnetometer: Add DT support for PNI RM3100
      1  [PATCH v6 1/3] dt-bindings: Add PNI to the vendor prefixes
      1  [PATCH v6 0/3] Add support for PNI RM3100 magnetometer
      1  [PATCH v2 2/2] staging: iio: ad7780: generates pattern_mask from PAT
      1  [PATCH v2 1/2] staging: iio: ad7780: check if ad778x before gain
      1  [PATCH v2 0/2] pattern generation and gain update
      1  [PATCH 3/3] staging: iio: ad7780: generates pattern_mask from PAT
      1  [PATCH 2/3] staging: iio: ad7780: check if ad778x before gain update
      1  [PATCH 1/3] staging: iio: ad7780: Add is_ad778x flag chip info
      1  [PATCH 0/3] staging: iio: ad7780: pattern generation and gain update
      1  Re: [PATCH v7 1/2] iio: light: Add support for vishay vcnl4035
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/3] iio: adc: Add ad7124 support
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] staging: iio: ad7780: generates pattern_mask
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] staging: iio: ad7780: check if ad778x before
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] staging: iio: ad7780: generates pattern_mask from
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] staging: iio: ad7780: check if ad778x before gain
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] staging: iio: ad7780: Add is_ad778x flag chip info


linux-input/
=============
      2  [PATCH] input: cros_ec_keyb: fix button/switch capability reports
      1  [RESEND PATCH V7 3/3] Input: new da7280 haptic driver
      1  [RESEND PATCH V7 2/3] dt-bindings: input: Add document bindings for
      1  [RESEND PATCH V7 1/3] MAINTAINERS: da7280 updates to the Dialog
      1  [RESEND PATCH V7 0/3]  da7280: haptic driver submission


linux-kbuild/
=============
      1  Makefile:611: include/config/auto.conf: No such file or directory


linux-kselftest/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] kretprobe: produce sane stack traces


linux-media/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v4 3/4] media: i2c: Add MAX9286 driver
      1  [SPAM] KASAN: global-out-of-bounds Read in tpg_print_str_4


linux-mediatek/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] PCI: mediatek: Use devm_of_pci_get_host_bridge_resources() to parse DT
      1  Re: [PATCH] PCI: mediatek: Use


linux-mips/
=============
      1  [[PATCH]] mips: Fix switch to NO_BOOTMEM for SGI-IP27/loongons3 NUMA


linux-mtd/
=============
      5  Re: [PATCH] jffs2: implement mount option to configure endianness
      1  [PATCH] mtd: nand: spi: Add initial support for Toshiba TC58CVG2S0H
      1  Re: [PATCH] ubifs: CONFIG_UBIFS_FS_AUTHENTICATION should depend on UBIFS_FS
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 03/10] dt-bindings: spi: Adjust the bindings for the
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 02/10] dt-bindings: spi: Move the bindings for the FSL
      1  Re: [PATCH RESEND v4 1/5] spi: spi-mem: Add driver for NXP FlexSPI


linux-next/
=============
      1  linux-next: stats (Was: Linux 4.20-rc1)
      1  linux-next: build warning after merge of the staging tree
      1  linux-next: build warning after merge of the iommu tree
      1  linux-next: build warning after merge of the block tree
      1  linux-next: Tree for Nov 8
      1  Re: linux-next: build warning after merge of the staging tree


linux-nfs/
=============
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH 22/23] SUNRPC: simplify auth_unix.
      1  Re: [PATCH 22/23] SUNRPC: simplify auth_unix.


linux-pci/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] PCI/MSI: Don't touch MSI bits when the PCI device is
      1  Re: [PATCH v1] PCI: Move Rohm vendor ID to generic list


linux-perf-users/
=============
      2  Re: PEBS level 2/3 breaks dwarf unwinding! [WAS: Re: Broken dwarf
      1  [PATCH] perf script: share code and output format for uregs and iregs


linux-pm/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v8 03/15] PM: Introduce an Energy Model management framework
      1  [PATCH v2 05/11] Doc: DT: thermal: new irq-mode for trip point
      1  [PATCH v2 04/11] Doc: thermal: new irq-mode for trip point
      1  [PATCH v2 03/11] thermal: add new sysfs file for irq-mode
      1  [PATCH v2 02/11] thermal: add irq-mode configuration for trip point
      1  [PATCH v2 01/11] thermal: remove unused function parameter
      1  [PATCH v2 00/11] thermal: add new flag irq-mode for trip point
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 03/15] PM: Introduce an Energy Model management
      1  RE: [RFC/RFT][PATCH v3] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor for tickless systems


linux-pwm/
=============
      1  =?utf-8?B?UmU6IFtSQ0bCoFBBVENILHYyLDIvMl0gcHdtOiBpbXg6IENvbmZpZ3VyZSBv?=


linux-rdma/
=============
      1  general protection fault in rdma_listen (2)


linux-renesas-soc/
=============
      1  RE: [PATCH v2 2/2] irqchip: Add support for Renesas RZ/N1 GPIO


linux-riscv/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC 0/2] Add RISC-V cpu topology
      2  Re: [PATCH] riscv: add asm/unistd.h UAPI header
      1  Re: [RFC 0/2] RISC-V: A proposal to add vendor-specific code


linux-rt-users/
=============
      1  Re: rcu: enable rcu_normal_after_boot by default for RT
      1  Re: arm64 + ARM64_64K_PAGES=y
      1  Re: [PATCH] kernel/time/posix-cpu-timers: Remove useless call to


linux-s390/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v1 4/7] vfio: ap: AP Queue Interrupt Control VFIO ioctl
      1  Re: [kvm-unit-tests PATCH] s390x: Fixup interrupt psws
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 6/7] vfio: ap: register guest ISC with GISA and GIB


linux-samsung-soc/
=============
      1  [PATCH] cpufreq: s3c24xx: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  [PATCH v2 11/11] arm: dts: exynos5410: add support for thermal trip
      1  [PATCH v2 10/11] arm: dts: exynos5422: add support for thermal trip
      1  [PATCH v2 09/11] arm: dts: exynos5420: add support for thermal trip
      1  [PATCH v2 08/11] arm: dts: exynos4: add support for thermal trip
      1  [PATCH v2 07/11] arm64: dts: exynos7: add support for thermal trip
      1  [PATCH v2 06/11] arm64: dts: exynos5433: add support for thermal


linux-security-module/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH v4 1/6] tpm: dynamically allocate active_banks array
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 14/17] tpm: remove TPM_TRANSMIT_UNLOCKED flag
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 13/17] tpm: use tpm_try_get_ops() in tpm-sysfs.c.
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 12/17] tpm: remove @space from tpm_transmit()
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 11/17] tpm: move TPM space code out of tpm_transmit()
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 08/17] tpm: access command header through struct in
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 07/17] tpm: declare struct tpm_header
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 05/17] tpm: print tpm2_commit_space() error inside
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 03/17] tpm: return 0 from pcrs_show() when
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 6/6] tpm: ensure that the output of PCR read contains
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 4/6] tpm: modify tpm_pcr_read() definition to pass a
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 2/6] tpm: remove definition of TPM2_ACTIVE_PCR_BANKS


linux-serial/
=============
      1  [PATCH] serial: sh-sci: Document r8a774a1 bindings
      1  RE: [PATCH] serial: sh-sci: Document r8a774a1 bindings


linux-sgx/
=============
      3  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups
      1  Re: [PATCH v16 18/22] platform/x86: Intel SGX driver
      1  Re: [PATCH v15 23/23] x86/sgx: Driver documentation


linux-tip-commits/
=============
      1  [tip:x86/cpu] x86/cpufeatures: Add WBNOINVD feature definition
      1  [tip:timers/urgent] posix-cpu-timers: Remove useless call to


linux-unionfs/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 2/2] overlayfs: override_creds=off option bypass


linux-usb/
=============
      1  [PATCH] usb: dwc3: don't log probe deferrals; but do log other error codes
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/5 v7] Keep rtsx_usb suspended when there's no card
      1  RE: [RFC PATCH v1 14/14] usb:cdns3: Feature for changing role
      1  RE: [RFC PATCH v1 13/14] usb:cdns3: Adds debugging function.
      1  RE: [RFC PATCH v1 04/14] usb:cdns3: Added DRD support
      1  RE: [RFC PATCH v1 03/14] usb:cdns3: Driver initialization code.


linuxppc-dev/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH] powerpc: Mark variable `cpumsr` as unused
      2  Re: [PATCH 13/36] dt-bindings: arm: Convert PMU binding to
      1  [RFC PATCH v1 6/6] powerpc/8xx: Add Kernel Userspace Access
      1  [RFC PATCH v1 5/6] powerpc/mm: Add a framework for Kernel Userspace
      1  [RFC PATCH v1 4/6] powerpc/8xx: Add Kernel Userspace Execution
      1  [RFC PATCH v1 3/6] powerpc: Add skeleton for Kernel Userspace
      1  [RFC PATCH v1 2/6] powerpc: Add framework for Kernel Userspace
      1  [PATCH] powerpc: Mark variable `cpumsr` as unused
      1  [PATCH] lkdtm: print real addresses
      1  [PATCH v9 9/9] powerpc: clean stack pointers naming
      1  [PATCH v9 8/9] powerpc/64: Remove CURRENT_THREAD_INFO
      1  [PATCH v9 7/9] powerpc/32: Remove CURRENT_THREAD_INFO and rename
      1  [PATCH v9 6/9] powerpc: 'current_set' is now a table of task_struct
      1  [PATCH v9 5/9] powerpc: regain entire stack space
      1  [PATCH v9 4/9] powerpc: Activate CONFIG_THREAD_INFO_IN_TASK
      1  [PATCH v9 3/9] powerpc: Prepare for moving thread_info into
      1  [PATCH v9 2/9] powerpc: Only use task_struct 'cpu' field on SMP
      1  [PATCH v9 1/9] book3s/64: avoid circular header inclusion in
      1  [PATCH v9 0/9] powerpc: Switch to CONFIG_THREAD_INFO_IN_TASK
      1  [PATCH v1 1/6] powerpc/mm: Fix reporting of kernel execute faults
      1  Re: powerpc/npu-dma: Remove NPU DMA ops
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 5/6] powerpc/mm: Add a framework for Kernel


lwn/
=============
      3  Re: [patch 0/2] Documentation/process: Add subsystem/tree handbook
      1  Re: [PATCH] doc-guide:kernel-doc.rst: Reference to foobar
      1  Re: [PATCH] [trivial] Documentation/ras: Typo s/use use/use/
      1  Re: [PATCH] Documentation: fix spelling mistake, EACCESS -> EACCES
      1  Re: [PATCH] Documentation: dynamic_debug: fix a couple of typos
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] Documentation: dynamic-debug: fix wildcard
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] Documentation/proc.txt: Add 2 missing fields for
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] kernel-doc: extend $type_param to match members
      1  Re: [PATCH resend] Documentation/dev-tools: clean up kselftest.rst
      1  Re: [PATCH V2] doc:it_IT: add some process/* translations


ocfs2-devel/
=============
      1  [PATCH] ocfs2: Improve ocfs2 Makefile


osuosl-devel/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v3] driver-staging: vsoc.c: Add sysfs support for
      2  RE: [PATCH V2] binder: ipc namespace support for android binder
      1  [PATCH] media: staging: tegra-vde: print long unsigned using %lu format specifier
      1  [PATCH V3] binder: ipc namespace support for android binder
      1  [PATCH 3/3] staging: emxx_udc: Added missing le16_to_cpu conversions
      1  [PATCH 2/3] staging: emxx_udc: Added missing __iomem modifier to handle p_regs
      1  [PATCH 1/3] staging: emxx_udc: Added static modifier to udc_controller
      1  [PATCH 0/3] staging: emxx_udc: Fixed all meaningful sparse warnings
      1  Re: [PATCH V3] binder: ipc namespace support for android binder


qemu-devel/
=============
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [Qemu-devel] xen_disk qdevification
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [Qemu-devel] [PATCH v5 05/24] hw: acpi: Implement
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [Qemu-devel] [PATCH v5 03/24] hw: acpi: The RSDP
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [Qemu-devel] [PATCH for-3.2 v3 13/14] hw/i386: add
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 16/24] hw: acpi: Fix memory hotplug AML
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 05/24] hw: acpi: Implement XSDT support


stable/
=============
      1  [Question] A UBSAN problem in stable-4.4
      1  Re: [PATCH] [stable, netdev 4.4+] lan78xx: make sure RX_ADDRL &
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 04/17] tpm: call tpm2_flush_space() on error in
      1  Re: [PATCH stable 4.9] posix-timers: Sanitize overrun handling


virtualization/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH net-next v2 3/5] virtio_ring: add packed ring support
      1  [PATCH][drm-next] drm/virtio: fix memory leak of vfpriv on error return path


x86_Andy_Lutomirski/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH] ptrace: add PTRACE_GET_SYSCALL_INFO request
      1  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups


xen-devel/
=============
      4  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/7] vpci: fix execution of long running
      4  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] mm/page_alloc: make bootscrub happen in
      4  Re: [Xen-devel] XSM SILO boot time spew
      3  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 3/7] x86: make PV hypercall entry points
      3  Re: [Xen-devel] Guest soft lockups with "xen: make xen_qlock_wait()
      2  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] x86/amd: don't set pv_post_outb_hook when
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 129564: tolerable all pass -
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 129468: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-4.9-testing baseline-only test] 75578: regressions
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-4.8-testing test] 129466: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-4.11-testing baseline-only test] 75580: tolerable
      1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 129573: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 129535: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf bisection] complete build-i386
      1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf bisection] complete build-amd64
      1  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus bisection] complete test-amd64-amd64-xl
      1  [Xen-devel] [linux-4.14 test] 129492: tolerable FAIL - PUSHED
      1  [Xen-devel] [libvirt test] 129491: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [freebsd-master test] 129544: all pass - PUSHED
      1  [Xen-devel] [distros-debian-wheezy test] 75581: all pass
      1  [Xen-devel] [distros-debian-squeeze test] 75579: tolerable FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 4/4] xen/xsm: Remove printing from
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 3/4] xen/xsm: Add new SILO mode for XSM
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 2/4] xen/xsm: Introduce new boot parameter xsm
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 1/4] xen/xsm: remove unnecessary #define
      1  [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 00/13] x86: indirect call overhead reduction
      1  [Xen-devel] OSStest: test-amd64-amd64-xl-qemuu-win10-i386
      1  [SPAM] [Xen-devel] [linux-linus bisection] complete
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v1 0/8] Series short
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/7] vpci: fix execution of
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] mm/page_alloc: make
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] Guest soft lockups with "xen: make
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] preparations for 4.11.1 and 4.8.5
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 129468: regressions - FAIL
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen: sched: Credit2: during scheduling,
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen: sched: Credit2: avoid looping too much
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v8] arch/x86: Add registers to vm_event
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v5 1/4] xen/xsm: remove unnecessary #define
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4] amd/pvh: enable ACPI C1E disable quirk
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 10/12] IOMMU: introduce IOMMU_MIXED
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 09/19] xen: add PVH boot entry code
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 08/19] xen: add basic hooks for PVH in
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 05/19] xen: add some dummy headers for
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3] mm/page_alloc: make bootscrub happen in
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 4/4] xen: use SYMBOL everywhere
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 3/4] xen: introduce SYMBOL
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/xen: fix pv boot
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2 7/8] x86/vvmx: correctly report vvmcs size


